blackfly	homopterous insect
blackfly	insect
abhorrence	distaste
abhorrence	hatred
abhorrence	hate
abhorrence	disgust
tropical storm	atmosphere
storm	atmosphere
tropical storm	windstorm
storm	windstorm
tropical storm	violent storm
tropical storm	air current
storm	air
tropical storm	atmospheric state
storm	state
tropical storm	density
storm	density
tropical storm	current of air
storm	current of air
tropical storm	storm damage
storm	damage
tropical storm	atmospheric phenomenon
storm	phenomenon
tropical storm	storm
tropical storm	cyclone
storm	cyclone
tropical storm	natural phenomenon
tropical storm	tempest
storm	tempest
tropical storm	wind
storm	wind
militarization	social control
militarization	control
pollution	dirtiness
pollution	dirtying
pollution	environmental condition
pollution	condition
pollution	impurity
pollution	sanitary condition
pollution	uncleanness
photomicrograph	picture
photomicrograph	photograph
photomicrograph	photo
photomicrograph	image
photomicrograph	pic
photomicrograph	digital image
swamp gum	eucalyptus
gum	eucalyptus
swamp gum	plant
gum	plant
swamp gum	eucalyptus tree
gum	tree
swamp gum	angiosperm
gum	angiosperm
swamp gum	gum
swamp gum	gum tree
swamp gum	woody plant
swamp gum	eucalypt
gum	eucalypt
song	possession
song	sound
song	work of art
song	work
song	musical composition
song	composition
song	vocal music
song	music
song	musical work
song	piece of music
song	piece
song	human language
song	language
song	speech
song	signaling
wing	emblem
wing	technical specification
wing	specification
wing	form
wing	specifications
wing	symbolization
wing	aerofoil
wing	air unit
wing	unit
wing	helping
wing	shape
wing	symbolisation
wing	animal
wing	airfoil
cumulus	observable
cumulus	natural phenomenon
cumulus	phenomenon
cumulus	atmospheric phenomenon
silver	base metal
silver	metal
silver	metallic element
silver	element
silver	gray
silver	native metal
silver	transition element
silver	badge of honour
silver	badge
silver	valuable
silver	grey
silver	historic house
silver	house
silver	tableware
silver	dishware
silver	silverware
silver	dye
silver	atom
silver	ternary alloy
silver	alloy
silver	medal
silver	competition
silver	prize
silver	metallicity
silver	riches
silver	rich
silver	reward
silver	wealth
silver	noble metal
silver	precious metal
silver	material resource
silver	resource
silver	hoarded wealth
silver	treasure
silver	cutlery
silver	solid solution
silver	solution
silver	badge of honor
silver	transition metal
silver	runner-up
silver	shade
silver	grayness
silver	contestant
silver	molecular entity
silver	entity
silver	colourant
silver	greyness
sand verbena	flower
verbena	flower
sand verbena	learned profession
verbena	profession
sand verbena	angiosperm
verbena	angiosperm
sand verbena	structural biology
verbena	biology
sand verbena	wildflower
verbena	wildflower
sand verbena	wild flower
sand verbena	technology
verbena	technology
louse	serial publication
louse	publication
louse	reference work
louse	work
louse	unpleasant person
louse	person
louse	terminologist
louse	insect
louse	tertiary source
louse	source
louse	homopterous insect
sodium nitrite	chemical series
nitrite	series
sodium nitrite	bond
nitrite	bond
sodium nitrite	inorganic compound
nitrite	compound
sodium nitrite	chemical bond
sodium nitrite	chemical group
nitrite	group
navigator	military branch
navigator	branch
navigator	explorer
navigator	military machine
navigator	machine
navigator	travel
navigator	adventurer
navigator	seaman
navigator	crewmember
navigator	crew member
navigator	member
navigator	person
navigator	military force
navigator	force
navigator	exploration
navigator	military man
navigator	man
navigator	military
navigator	combatant
navigator	military unit
navigator	unit
navigator	enlisted person
gasworks	plant
gasworks	constructed structure
gasworks	structure
gasworks	manufacturing plant
gasworks	building complex
gasworks	complex
gasworks	factory
gasworks	manufactory
gasworks	workplace
gasworks	industrial plant
farming	economic sector
farming	sector
farming	manufacture
farming	cultivation
failure rate	rate
failure rate	ratio
rate	ratio
chess	party game
chess	game
chess	parlor game
chess	board game
chess	parlour game
floorshow	show
floorshow	entertainment
lion	carnivore
lion	fault
lion	big cat
lion	cat
lion	animal
lion	carnivory
lion	mistake
homophone	homonym
availability	convenience
bush	plant
bush	perennial
bush	wilderness
bush	woody plant
bush	wild
deck	work of art
deck	work
deck	technical specification
deck	specification
deck	flooring
deck	level
deck	horizontal surface
deck	surface
deck	topological space
deck	space
deck	platform
deck	shape
deck	venture
deck	floor
deck	upper deck
jet stream	phenomenon
stream	phenomenon
jet stream	air current
stream	air
jet stream	weather
stream	weather
jet stream	atmospheric phenomenon
jet stream	current of air
stream	current of air
jet stream	physical phenomenon
jet stream	weather condition
stream	condition
jet stream	airstream
stream	airstream
jet stream	wind
stream	wind
habit	function
habit	affair
habit	suit of clothes
habit	suit
habit	exercise
sliminess	viscosity
subject	syntactic category
subject	category
subject	grammatical category
subject	medical research
subject	research
subject	theory
subject	text
subject	explanation
subject	philosophy
subject	textbook
subject	human language
subject	language
subject	know-how
subject	work of art
subject	work
subject	constituent
subject	melody
subject	philosophical theory
subject	tune
subject	linguistics
subject	string of words
subject	string
subject	philosophical system
subject	system
subject	database
subject	scientific research
subject	philology
subject	philosophical doctrine
subject	doctrine
subject	person
subject	methodology
subject	hypothesis
subject	scientific method
subject	method
subject	political doctrine
planetary science	schoolbook
science	schoolbook
planetary science	macrocosm and microcosm
science	macrocosm
planetary science	textbook
science	textbook
planetary science	book
science	book
planetary science	branch of science
science	branch
planetary science	astrophysics
science	astrophysics
planetary science	cosmos
science	cosmos
planetary science	physics
science	physic
planetary science	method
science	method
lobbyist	persuader
disservice	wrongful conduct
disservice	conduct
disservice	misconduct
disservice	injury
disservice	wrongdoing
carbon	coated paper
carbon	paper
carbon	non-metal
carbon	molecular entity
carbon	entity
carbon	chemical group
carbon	group
carbon	chemical series
carbon	series
carbon	main group
carbon	main group element
carbon	element
carbon	carbon group
carbon	nonmetal
carbon	copy
carbon	building block
carbon	block
owner-occupier	resident
owner-occupier	occupier
owner-occupier	occupant
fault	breakdown
fault	opening
fault	gap
fault	crevice
fault	failure
fault	rupture
fault	structural failure
fault	imperfectness
fault	fissure
fault	space
fault	imperfection
fault	fracture
fault	crack
fault	separation process
fault	process
fault	injury
fault	equipment failure
contribution	giving
contribution	effort
contribution	attempt
starling	bird
starling	animal
spinal fusion	specialist
fusion	specialist
spinal fusion	higher education
fusion	education
spinal fusion	health professional
fusion	professional
spinal fusion	physician
fusion	physician
spinal fusion	surgical procedure
fusion	procedure
spinal fusion	health care provider
fusion	provider
spinal fusion	bioscience
fusion	bioscience
spinal fusion	medical aid
fusion	aid
spinal fusion	medicine
fusion	medicine
spinal fusion	health care
fusion	care
spinal fusion	surgery
fusion	surgery
spinal fusion	life science
fusion	science
spinal fusion	orthopedic surgery
spinal fusion	md
fusion	md
spinal fusion	orthopaedics
fusion	orthopaedics
spinal fusion	orthopedist
fusion	orthopedist
spinal fusion	doctor
fusion	doctor
spinal fusion	medical doctor
spinal fusion	surgical operation
fusion	operation
spinal fusion	medical procedure
spinal fusion	orthopaedist
fusion	orthopaedist
spinal fusion	orthopedics
fusion	orthopedics
spinal fusion	specialist degree
fusion	degree
spinal fusion	treatment
fusion	treatment
spinal fusion	dr.
fusion	dr.
spinal fusion	medical care
spinal fusion	practice of medicine
fusion	practice
spinal fusion	surgical process
fusion	process
spinal fusion	medical specialist
trust	indicator
trust	partnership
trust	private corporation
trust	corporation
trust	company
trust	syndicate
trust	comradeship
trust	consortium
trust	business organization
trust	organization
trust	agreement
trust	business organisation
trust	organisation
trust	voluntary association
trust	association
trust	privately held corporation
trust	fraternity
trust	brotherhood
trust	commentary
trust	corp
self-confidence	certainty
self-confidence	certitude
beneficiary	person
beneficiary	natural person
beneficiary	legal person
beneficiary	acquirer
beneficiary	receiver
backwash	function
backwash	flow
backwash	movement
harvesting	collecting
harvesting	assembling
harvesting	gather
hosiery	clothing
hosiery	footwear
hosiery	clothes
ph.d.	bookman
ph.d.	scholar
ph.d.	scholarly person
ph.d.	person
ph.d.	doctor
ph.d.	affix
ph.d.	dr.
ph.d.	honorific
ph.d.	intellect
megabyte	dictionary entry
megabyte	entry
megabyte	unit of information
megabyte	unit
megabyte	byte
megabyte	linguistic unit
megabyte	language unit
certified check	computer file
check	file
certified check	bank check
certified check	bill of exchange
check	bill
certified check	data file
certified check	written document
check	document
certified check	cheque
check	cheque
certified check	check
certified check	order of payment
check	order
pearl	stone
pearl	ball
pearl	substantial form
pearl	form
pearl	abstract object
pearl	object
pearl	precious stone
pearl	jewel
pearl	antique white
pearl	rock
pearl	pebble
pearl	orb
pearl	white
playwriting	writer
smew	sea duck
smew	duck
smew	waterfowl
smew	waterbird
smew	animal
biosatellite	satellite
biosatellite	computer code
biosatellite	code
biosatellite	transportation
biosatellite	electrical appliance
biosatellite	appliance
biosatellite	means of transport
biosatellite	mean
biosatellite	software application
biosatellite	application
biosatellite	artificial satellite
biosatellite	orbiter
biosatellite	mechanism
biosatellite	network host
biosatellite	host
biosatellite	server system
biosatellite	system
biosatellite	astronomical object
biosatellite	object
biosatellite	electronic computer
biosatellite	computer
biosatellite	spaceship
biosatellite	transport
passage	musical composition
passage	composition
passage	transportation
passage	piece of music
passage	piece
passage	move
passage	delivery
passage	transferral
passage	journey
passage	traveling
passage	passageway
passage	bodily process
passage	process
passage	response
passage	journeying
passage	voyage
passage	transfer
passage	travel
passage	governance
passage	transport
passage	way
passage	travelling
passage	scheme
passage	religious ritual
environment	physical system
environment	system
syzygy	observable
syzygy	natural phenomenon
syzygy	phenomenon
syzygy	physical phenomenon
tax haven	country
haven	country
tax haven	devising
haven	devising
tax haven	knowledge organization
haven	organization
magnet	definite quantity
magnet	quantity
magnet	cardinal
magnet	dimension
attic	constructed structure
attic	structure
attic	floor
attic	wall
attic	storage medium
attic	medium
attic	partition
attic	divider
autonomous region	constituent state
region	state
dormouse	rodentia
dormouse	rodent
dormouse	animal
dormouse	mammal
explosion	motion
explosion	sound
explosion	noise
explosion	shot
explosion	demo
explosion	discharge
explosion	move
explosion	blowup
explosion	outburst
earthquake	natural disaster
earthquake	disaster
earthquake	musical composition
earthquake	composition
earthquake	musical style
earthquake	style
earthquake	piece of music
earthquake	piece
earthquake	disruption
earthquake	natural phenomenon
earthquake	phenomenon
earthquake	tragedy
earthquake	geological phenomenon
earthquake	disturbance
earthquake	catastrophe
earthquake	musical work
earthquake	work
earthquake	commotion
earthquake	music genre
earthquake	genre
earthquake	dance orchestra
earthquake	orchestra
earthquake	disorder
vendue	merchant
vendue	merchandiser
vendue	selling
vendue	merchandising
vendue	sales agent
vendue	agent
vendue	marketing
vendue	sale
vendue	seller
vendue	salesman
vendue	selling technique
vendue	technique
leaf curl	illness
curl	illness
leaf curl	plant disease
curl	disease
leaf curl	sickness
curl	sickness
leaf curl	disease
leaf curl	phytopathology
curl	phytopathology
leaf curl	plant pathology
curl	pathology
leaf curl	phytopathogen
curl	phytopathogen
leaf curl	disorder
curl	disorder
crisis	difficulty
crisis	state
curiosa	medium
curiosa	book
curiosa	piece of work
curiosa	piece
curiosa	communication medium
rainfall	phenomenon
rainfall	downfall
rainfall	optical phenomenon
rainfall	natural phenomenon
rainfall	atmospheric precipitation
rainfall	precipitation
rainfall	weather
rainfall	physical phenomenon
rainfall	weather condition
rainfall	condition
endemic goitre	disease
goitre	disease
endemic goitre	sickness
goitre	sickness
club	baseball team
club	team
club	paper
club	voluntary association
club	association
club	golf equipment
club	equipment
club	olympic sport
club	sport
club	business establishment
club	establishment
club	athlete
club	place of business
club	place
club	playing card
club	card
curriculum	course of instruction
curriculum	course
curriculum	course of study
cat	code
cat	transportation
cat	native plant
cat	plant
cat	utility program
cat	program
cat	female animal
cat	animal
cat	woman
cat	female
cat	transport
cat	utility
cat	means of transportation
cat	mean
cat	computer code
cat	means of transport
cat	corporation
cat	female person
cat	person
cat	land vehicle
cat	vehicle
cat	adult female
cat	stimulant drug
cat	drug
cat	excitant
cat	pet
cat	animal testing
cat	sexuality
cat	psychostimulant
cat	feline
cat	animal experiment
cat	experiment
cat	service program
printing	written language
printing	language
printing	written communication
printing	communication
printing	communication medium
printing	medium
photojournalism	story
photojournalism	medium
photojournalism	language
photojournalism	narrative mode
photojournalism	mode
photojournalism	short story
photojournalism	journalism
photojournalism	research
photojournalism	investigation
photojournalism	piece of work
photojournalism	piece
photojournalism	mass media
photojournalism	narrative
photojournalism	investigating
photojournalism	print media
photojournalism	news media
photojournalism	communication medium
photojournalism	book
photojournalism	mass medium
spaceport	installation
spaceport	facility
till	equipment
till	parcel
horizontal bar	durable good
bar	durable good
horizontal bar	durable goods
bar	good
horizontal bar	gymnastic apparatus
bar	apparatus
horizontal bar	equipment
bar	equipment
horizontal bar	exerciser
bar	exerciser
horizontal bar	sports equipment
parameter	computer code
parameter	code
parameter	constant
parameter	technical specification
parameter	specification
parameter	reference
parameter	specifications
parameter	invariable
parameter	data type
parameter	type
parameter	constant quantity
parameter	quantity
parameter	computer address
parameter	address
cocktail	mixed drink
cocktail	drink
cocktail	intoxicant
cocktail	alcohol
cocktail	combination
cocktail	fluid
cocktail	street drug
cocktail	drug
cocktail	alcoholic drink
cocktail	drinkable
cocktail	liquid state
cocktail	state
cocktail	drug of abuse
cocktail	alcoholic beverage
cocktail	beverage
cocktail	liquidity
sacrifice	possession
sacrifice	ending
sacrifice	failure
sacrifice	kill
sacrifice	drop-off
sacrifice	casualty
sacrifice	loss
sacrifice	lessening
sacrifice	putting to death
sacrifice	death
sacrifice	nonachievement
sacrifice	termination
sphagnum	nonvascular plant
sphagnum	plant
sphagnum	moss
noun	substantive
neck	body part
neck	part
neck	cut of meat
neck	cut
liquid	state of matter
liquid	state
liquid	fluid
switch	computing device
switch	device
switch	rail transportation
switch	transportation
switch	electrical network
switch	network
switch	electric circuit
switch	circuit
switch	component
switch	computer circuit
switch	hardware
switch	add-in
switch	circuitry
switch	railroad track
switch	track
switch	plug-in
switch	integrated circuit
switch	wig
switch	card
switch	slot
switch	circuit board
switch	board
switch	appliance
switch	mechanism
switch	semiconductor
switch	fitting
switch	electronic equipment
switch	equipment
switch	attire
switch	microcircuit
switch	computer chip
switch	chip
switch	circuit card
turnstile	gate
turnstile	impediment
turnstile	constructed structure
turnstile	structure
turnstile	barrier
foreclosure	proceeding
foreclosure	transmission
foreclosure	due process
foreclosure	process
foreclosure	legal proceeding
foreclosure	proceedings
foreclosure	legal proceedings
course	function
course	canvas
course	placement
course	way
course	calculation
course	series
course	guidance
course	itinerary
course	course of study
course	arrangement
course	mathematical operation
course	operation
course	magnitude
course	navigation
course	computation
course	path
course	installation
course	mathematical process
course	process
course	route
course	steering
course	piloting
escutcheon	plate
escutcheon	personal armor
escutcheon	armor
escutcheon	suit of armour
escutcheon	suit
escutcheon	armour
escutcheon	protection
escutcheon	protective cover
escutcheon	cover
escutcheon	suit of armor
escutcheon	protective covering
escutcheon	covering
escutcheon	body armour
escutcheon	body armor
suspension	supporting
suspension	mixture
suspension	technical specification
suspension	specification
suspension	abstract object
suspension	object
suspension	support
suspension	thermodynamic system
suspension	system
suspension	mechanism
suspension	state
suspension	mechanical assembly
suspension	assembly
suspension	physical system
suspension	inaction
suspension	pure mathematics
suspension	mathematics
suspension	mechanical system
unsafe abortion	termination
abortion	termination
unsafe abortion	abortion
lunch	medium
lunch	transmission
lunch	storage medium
lunch	storage
lunch	record album
lunch	album
lunch	meal
market value	net worth
value	worth
market value	price
value	price
market value	retail
value	retail
market value	cost
value	cost
market value	retail price
agogo	instrument
agogo	musical instrument
agogo	bell shape
agogo	shape
agogo	bell
bigtooth aspen	binomen
bigtooth aspen	aspen
bigtooth aspen	perennial
bigtooth aspen	woody plant
bigtooth aspen	plant
bigtooth aspen	flowering tree
bigtooth aspen	tree
bigtooth aspen	native plant
bigtooth aspen	binomial nomenclature
bigtooth aspen	nomenclature
ghrelin	body substance
ghrelin	substance
ghrelin	bodily fluid
ghrelin	fluid
ghrelin	biofluid
ghrelin	hormone
ghrelin	humor
ghrelin	biomolecule
ghrelin	biopolymer
ghrelin	chemical group
ghrelin	group
ghrelin	chemical series
ghrelin	series
ghrelin	signaling molecule
ghrelin	molecule
ghrelin	chemical bond
ghrelin	bond
ghrelin	internal secretion
ghrelin	secretion
ghrelin	gi hormones
ghrelin	body fluid
ghrelin	gastrointestinal hormone
ghrelin	moiety
benefaction	donation
benefaction	kindness
benefaction	contribution
benefaction	gift
abdication	resignation
abdication	group event
abdication	event
abdication	written document
abdication	document
tebuconazole	fungicide
heritage	transferred property
heritage	property
delay	code
delay	time interval
delay	interval
delay	break
delay	computer code
delay	computer program
delay	program
delay	inactivity
delay	pause
delay	music notation
delay	notation
delay	note
delay	musical notation
crossover	elector
crossover	borrowing
crossover	economic science
crossover	science
bramble	woody plant
bramble	plant
bramble	family tree
bramble	tree
bramble	perennial
bramble	bramble bush
bramble	bush
bramble	research
property owner	owner
property owner	person
owner	person
property owner	holder
owner	holder
workplace	making
workplace	cartography
workplace	mapmaking
workplace	fashioning
epistemology	investigating
epistemology	philosophy
epistemology	inquiry
epistemology	investigation
epistemology	research
self-justification	claim
self-justification	justification
self-justification	technical specification
self-justification	specification
self-justification	explanation
self-justification	asseveration
self-justification	declaration
self-justification	defence in law
self-justification	defence
self-justification	response
self-justification	string of words
self-justification	string
self-justification	assertion
self-justification	state
self-justification	pleading
self-justification	logic
self-justification	answer
declaration	written document
declaration	document
declaration	evidence
consultant	person
pressing	push
pressing	actuation
pressing	pushing
edger	firm
edger	record label
edger	label
edger	division
edger	brand
edger	signaling
edger	mark
edger	garden tool
edger	tool
edger	marking
edger	trademark
edger	shaper
edger	needleworker
edger	name brand
termination	terminal
termination	written record
termination	record
termination	finish
termination	end
termination	conclusion
termination	written account
termination	account
termination	ending
termination	point in time
termination	point
german mark	monetary unit
mark	unit
grit	courageousness
grit	stone
grit	guts
grit	gut
grit	moral philosophy
grit	philosophy
grit	rock
grit	pebble
grit	natural phenomenon
grit	phenomenon
grit	braveness
grit	bravery
nuclear war	warfare
war	warfare
nuclear war	military action
war	action
nuclear war	war
world	serial publication
world	publication
world	cerebration
world	curiosity
world	wonder
particle	part of speech
particle	part
particle	grammatical category
particle	category
verbal abuse	offence
abuse	offence
verbal abuse	abuse
verbal abuse	offensive activity
abuse	activity
verbal abuse	ill-usage
abuse	ill-usage
verbal abuse	offense
abuse	offense
expiration date	time period
date	period
expiration date	period of time
power	phenomenon
power	physical property
power	property
power	chance
power	quantitative relation
power	relation
power	operator
power	physical phenomenon
power	observable
power	strength
power	probality
power	person
power	man of affairs
power	man
power	dimensionless quantity
power	quantity
racoon	aboriginal
racoon	mammal
racoon	carnivore
racoon	procyonid
racoon	animal
thiocyanate	crystal
thiocyanate	salt
curling	sport
curling	olympic sports
curling	group event
curling	event
curling	team sport
curling	type of sport
curling	type
curling	winter sport
curling	competition
camelpox	disorder
camelpox	illness
camelpox	animal disease
camelpox	disease
camelpox	sickness
psychopathology	medical research
psychopathology	research
psychopathology	psychology
psychopathology	learned profession
psychopathology	profession
psychopathology	enquiry
psychopathology	psychological science
psychopathology	science
psychopathology	inquiry
psychopathology	bioscience
psychopathology	investigation
psychopathology	branch of science
psychopathology	branch
psychopathology	applied science
psychopathology	investigating
psychopathology	medicine
psychopathology	medical specialty
psychopathology	specialty
psychopathology	history of medicine
psychopathology	history
psychopathology	practice of medicine
psychopathology	practice
indisposition	disorder
indisposition	illness
indisposition	pathological state
indisposition	state
indisposition	disease
indisposition	sickness
darkey	black person
darkey	person
darkey	black people
darkey	people
darkey	person of color
darkey	negro
darkey	race
darkey	black
darkey	person of colour
darkey	negroid
grass	plant
grass	street drug
grass	drug
grass	aromatic plant
grass	controlled substance
grass	substance
grass	herb
grass	narcotic
grass	drug of abuse
grass	soft drug
grass	herbaceous plant
fils	monetary unit
fils	unit
fils	subunit
general	warrior
general	war
general	military branch
general	branch
general	combat
general	military rank
general	rank
general	boss
general	bos
general	military man
general	man
general	battle
general	post
general	commissioned officer
general	officer
general	armed forces
general	force
general	warfare
general	person
general	chief
general	fight
general	soldier
general	commissioned military officer
general	military
general	military unit
general	unit
general	leader
graduate	person
graduate	scholarly person
graduate	student
graduate	scholar
pool	poker
pool	investment fund
pool	fund
pool	net earnings
pool	earnings
pool	poker game
pool	game
pool	competition
pool	olympic sports
pool	sport
pool	net profit
pool	profit
pool	net income
pool	income
pool	body of water
pool	body
pool	investment
pool	assets
pool	asset
pool	billards
pool	athlete
pool	table game
pool	h2o
pool	gamble
pool	collective investment scheme
pool	scheme
pool	net
pool	investment funds
pool	profits
dollar	money circulation
dollar	circulation
dollar	government note
dollar	note
dollar	bank note
dollar	banknote
dollar	debt instrument
dollar	instrument
dollar	monetary unit
dollar	unit
dollar	paper money
dollar	money
dollar	bill
dollar	currency sign
dollar	sign
dollar	folding money
dollar	paper currency
dollar	currency
dollar	legal tender
dollar	tender
dollar	metal money
dollar	coinage
dollar	bank bill
dollar	negotiable instrument
dollar	coin
natural gas	phenomenon
gas	phenomenon
natural gas	gas
natural gas	chemical phenomenon
natural gas	energy carrier
gas	carrier
natural gas	gaseous state
gas	state
natural gas	existence
gas	existence
natural gas	natural phenomenon
program	engineering science
program	science
program	picture
program	medium
program	ad
program	figure
program	show
program	flyer
program	promotional material
program	material
program	visual communication
program	communication
program	social event
program	event
program	diagram
program	engineering
program	portraying
program	advertisement
program	graphics
program	graphic
program	portrayal
program	course of instruction
program	course
program	technology
program	mass medium
program	announcement
program	text edition
program	edition
program	opera
program	promulgation
program	entertainment
program	advert
program	source text
program	text
program	advertising
program	mass media
program	print media
program	presentation
program	presentment
program	throwaway
emery cloth	abrasive
cloth	abrasive
emery cloth	benefactor
cloth	benefactor
emery cloth	advert
cloth	advert
emery cloth	person
cloth	person
emery cloth	abrasive material
cloth	material
emery cloth	sponsor
cloth	sponsor
fat	organic solvent
fat	solvent
fat	technical specification
fat	specification
fat	lipoid
fat	animal tissue
fat	tissue
fat	lipid
fat	medium
fat	supermolecule
fat	resolvent
fat	macromolecule
puzzler	question
puzzler	problems
puzzler	problem
capillary	cylinder
capillary	vasculature
capillary	closed circulatory system
capillary	system
capillary	tube
capillary	body structure
capillary	structure
capillary	anatomical structure
capillary	vascular system
capillary	body part
capillary	part
capillary	bodily structure
capillary	vessel
capillary	tubing
capillary	plane figure
capillary	figure
capillary	technology
capillary	blood supply
capillary	supply
condition	comment
condition	indicator
condition	technical specification
condition	specification
condition	reference
condition	mention
condition	good health
condition	health
condition	grammatical relation
condition	relation
condition	understanding
condition	specifications
condition	written document
condition	document
condition	written agreement
condition	agreement
condition	commentary
condition	reference point
condition	point
condition	annotation
heaven	imaginary place
heaven	place
subsoil	soil
subsoil	granular material
subsoil	material
subsoil	dirt
feudatory	follower
feudatory	person
phonics	teaching reading
phonics	reading
small	lexical class
small	class
small	form class
small	body part
small	part
small	adjective
small	word class
small	size
dexterity	skillfulness
fence	merchant
fence	obstruction
zero	grammatical category
zero	category
zero	decimal digit
zero	digit
zero	imaginary
zero	natural number
zero	number
zero	complex quantity
zero	quantity
zero	complex number
zero	numerical quantity
zero	imaginary number
zero	counting number
zero	natural numbers
zero	whole number
subspecies	population
investment	possession
investment	financing
investment	tegument
investment	finance
investment	protection
investment	connective tissue
investment	tissue
investment	assets
investment	asset
birdwatching	zoology
birdwatching	observation
birdwatching	zoological science
birdwatching	science
perfidiousness	prevarication
perfidiousness	lie
perfidiousness	falsehood
perfidiousness	untruth
perfidiousness	disloyalty
perfidiousness	falsity
perfidiousness	unfaithfulness
dirt	body waste
dirt	waste
dirt	junk
dirt	garbage
dirt	granular material
dirt	material
dirt	sanitary condition
dirt	condition
dirt	poo
dirt	report
dirt	defaecation
dirt	uncleanness
dirt	shit
dirt	dirtiness
dirt	waste matter
dirt	matter
dirt	refuse
dirt	trash
dirt	crap
dirt	hearsay
dirt	excrement
dirt	waste material
dirt	dog shit
dirt	excretion
dirt	excreta
dirt	waste product
dirt	product
quoit	equipment
quoit	game equipment
amoy	chinese language
amoy	language
amoy	chinese
amoy	logical calculus
amoy	calculus
amoy	human language
amoy	natural language
seafloor	natural depression
seafloor	depression
seafloor	type of sport
seafloor	type
seafloor	bottom
gigahertz	unit of measure
gigahertz	unit
gigahertz	magnitude
tragedy	drama
tragedy	misfortune
tragedy	trouble
weather forecasting	forecasting
weather forecasting	prediction
forecasting	prediction
weather forecasting	foretelling
forecasting	foretelling
phonetic transcription	written language
transcription	language
phonetic transcription	written communication
transcription	communication
phonetic transcription	written text
transcription	text
phonetic transcription	transcription
striatum	body structure
striatum	structure
striatum	neural structure
striatum	brain
striatum	body part
striatum	part
striatum	nucleus
striatum	anatomical structure
striatum	bodily structure
leveling	destruction
harmonia axyridis	coleopteran
axyridis	coleopteran
harmonia axyridis	insect
axyridis	insect
harmonia axyridis	beetle
axyridis	beetle
harmonia axyridis	beetles
airport	airfield
airport	landing field
airport	field
glycogen synthase	glucosyltransferase
synthase	glucosyltransferase
glycogen synthase	supermolecule
synthase	supermolecule
glycogen synthase	glycosyltransferase
synthase	glycosyltransferase
clastic	stone
clastic	facies
clastic	pebble
yapese	human language
yapese	language
full stop	mensuration
stop	mensuration
full stop	punctuation mark
stop	mark
full stop	mark
full stop	signaling
stop	signaling
full stop	measurement
stop	measurement
full stop	sign
stop	sign
sugar-cane	poaceae
sugar-cane	grass family
sugar-cane	family
sugar-cane	gramineae
sugar-cane	herb
sugar-cane	tracheophyte
sugar-cane	plant
transit	transportation
transit	travel
transit	move
transit	passenger transport
transit	transport
transit	traveling
transit	travelling
transit	movement
abutilon theophrasti	plant
theophrasti	plant
abutilon theophrasti	perennial
theophrasti	perennial
abutilon theophrasti	annual plant
s4	band
s4	musical group
s4	group
regiment	army unit
regiment	unit
regiment	military group
regiment	group
regiment	military force
regiment	force
regiment	military organization
regiment	organization
jerkin	outerwear
jerkin	overgarment
jerkin	coat
jerkin	jacket
jerkin	outer garment
jerkin	garment
jerkin	clothing
jerkin	clothes
cowpox	illness
cowpox	lesion
cowpox	pox
cowpox	sickness
cowpox	skin disorder
cowpox	disorder
cowpox	excoriation
cowpox	infection
cowpox	skin disease
cowpox	disease
cowpox	acne vulgaris
cowpox	vulgaris
cowpox	bleb
cowpox	pustule
cowpox	blister
cowpox	contagion
cowpox	cutaneous disease
cowpox	communicable disease
cowpox	pathological state
cowpox	state
cowpox	scrape
cowpox	inflammatory disease
cowpox	biological group
cowpox	group
supermajority	relative majority
supermajority	majority
supermajority	pure mathematics
supermajority	mathematics
supermajority	area of mathematics
supermajority	area
interception	interference
interception	snatch
interception	touching
interception	physical intimacy
interception	intimacy
interception	hindrance
interception	grab
interception	hinderance
pollock	fish anatomy
pollock	anatomy
pollock	biological group
pollock	group
pollock	marine ecology
pollock	ecology
pollock	bony fish
pollock	fish
pollock	seafood
pollock	sea creature
pollock	creature
pollock	terminologist
pollock	animal
pollock	marine creature
pollock	saltwater fish
teleconference	conference
teleconference	auditory communication
teleconference	communication
teleconference	discussion
teleconference	spoken communication
teleconference	oral communication
teleconference	group discussion
teleconference	speech communication
hegemony	political system
hegemony	system
hegemony	form of government
hegemony	form
chestnut	edible nut
chestnut	nut
chestnut	brown
chestnut	plant
chestnut	color term
chestnut	term
chestnut	angiosperm
chestnut	woody plant
chestnut	seed
chestnut	renewable resource
chestnut	resource
chestnut	natural resources
chestnut	horsie
chestnut	perennial
chestnut	sapwood
chestnut	primary color
chestnut	color
chestnut	plant substance
chestnut	substance
chestnut	wood
chestnut	equine
chestnut	plant material
chestnut	material
chestnut	natural resource
quickening	specifications
quickening	specification
quickening	hurrying
quickening	speed
quickening	speeding
indenture	point of reference
indenture	point
indenture	form
indenture	concave shape
indenture	shape
indenture	agreement
indenture	contract
indenture	understanding
indenture	written agreement
indenture	blank space
indenture	space
instrumental	musical work
instrumental	work
instrumental	work of art
instrumental	composition
finalization	culmination
finalization	completion
finalization	closing
finalization	conclusion
finalization	termination
flak	criticism
flak	weapon
flak	advocate
flak	gun
flak	disapproval
flak	person
flak	weapon system
flak	system
voltage divider	electrical element
divider	element
voltage divider	circuitry
divider	circuitry
voltage divider	electronic circuit
divider	circuit
voltage divider	electrical device
divider	device
voltage divider	electronic equipment
divider	equipment
voltage divider	electrical resistance
divider	resistance
voltage divider	equipment
voltage divider	electronic component
divider	component
voltage divider	electrical conductance
divider	conductance
stationmaster	chief
stationmaster	boss
stationmaster	bos
stationmaster	master
stationmaster	leader
stationmaster	employer
counterclaim	proceedings
counterclaim	proceeding
counterclaim	legal action
counterclaim	action
counterclaim	action at law
counterclaim	transmission channel
counterclaim	channel
counterclaim	due process
counterclaim	process
counterclaim	legal proceedings
counterclaim	legal proceeding
thread	cord
thread	thought process
thread	process
thread	rib
recall	remembering
recall	memory
recall	cassation
recall	signal
recall	order of succession
recall	order
recall	abrogation
recall	annulment
recall	call
recall	signaling
recall	representational process
recall	process
coalition	political organization
coalition	organization
coalition	protocol
coalition	technical specification
coalition	specification
coalition	executive
coalition	committee
coalition	union
coalition	conjugation
coalition	uniting
coalition	party
coalition	political party
coalition	cite
coalition	covenant
coalition	government
coalition	political coalition
coalition	planning board
coalition	board
coalition	mention
coalition	unification
coalition	jointure
coalition	annotation
coalition	point of reference
coalition	point
coalition	treaty
coalition	credit
coalition	political organisation
coalition	organisation
abnegation	social rejection
abnegation	rejection
abnegation	philosophy
abnegation	selflessness
abnegation	renunciation
abnegation	moral philosophy
abnegation	self-denial
abnegation	denial
abnegation	abstinence
abnegation	forgoing
abnegation	ideal
abnegation	self-control
wrestler	scrapper
wrestler	combatant
wrestler	person
wrestler	fighter
wrestler	battler
needlepoint	work of art
needlepoint	work
needlepoint	handicraft
needlepoint	pic
needlepoint	needlework
needlepoint	handcraft
needlepoint	textile
needlepoint	embroidery
needlepoint	needlecraft
needlepoint	handwork
needlepoint	icon
petrology	morphology
petrology	methodology
petrology	geophysics
petrology	geophysical science
petrology	science
petrology	geology
petrology	geomorphology
share	possession
share	parceling
share	supply
share	apportioning
share	parcelling
share	assets
share	asset
share	allocation
share	resource
share	apportionment
share	certificate
share	distribution
share	allotment
pons	brain
pons	body part
pons	part
synchronizer	transmission
synchronizer	transmission system
synchronizer	system
synchronizer	component
synchronizer	measuring device
synchronizer	device
synchronizer	mechanism
stater	coin
stater	debt instrument
stater	instrument
stater	mintage
stater	tender
stater	metal money
stater	money
stater	coinage
stater	negotiable instrument
literary critic	judge
critic	judge
literary critic	person
critic	person
literary critic	critic
literary critic	evaluator
critic	evaluator
dress	clothes
dress	clothing
dress	uniform
oratory	person
oratory	address
court	social function
court	function
court	polity
court	sports ground
court	ground
court	government
court	legislative body
court	body
court	pitch
court	business process
court	process
court	public building
court	building
court	law-makers
court	government agency
court	agency
court	authorities
court	authority
court	group event
court	event
court	playing field
court	field
court	athletic field
court	general assembly
court	assembly
court	cortege
court	space
court	playfield
court	social event
court	ceremonial occasion
court	occasion
cookhouse	public building
cookhouse	building
cookhouse	kitchen
footman	working man
footman	man
footman	house servant
footman	servant
footman	manservant
footman	worker
footman	domestic help
footman	help
footman	manual laborer
footman	laborer
footman	domestic worker
footman	domestic servant
footman	workman
footman	person
footman	employee
footman	working person
activator	biomolecule
gondi	language
gondi	library science
gondi	science
gondi	philosophy
gondi	dravidian language
gondi	dravidian
gondi	dravidian languages
gondi	philosophy of language
top side	country
side	country
top side	real property
side	property
top side	real estate
side	estate
top side	realty
side	realty
algebra	pure mathematics
algebra	mathematics
algebra	area of mathematics
algebra	area
linum	plant genus
linum	genus
deserter	wrongdoer
deserter	quitter
deserter	bad person
deserter	person
register	written account
register	account
register	component
register	evidence
register	add-in
register	written record
register	record
register	electronic component
register	plug-in
register	technology
register	card
register	point of reference
register	point
register	pc board
register	board
register	write-up
register	controller
register	electronic equipment
register	equipment
register	indication
register	circuit card
register	circuit
register	written document
register	document
register	computer chip
register	chip
register	scientific evidence
blunder	fault
blunder	mistake
blunder	error
coal	stone
coal	chemical process
coal	process
coal	fragment
coal	reaction mixture
coal	mixture
coal	chemical change
coal	change
coal	chemical reduction
coal	reduction
coal	biomaterial
coal	physical system
coal	system
coal	fuel
coal	chemical action
coal	action
coal	natural action
coal	natural process
nu metal	musical style
metal	style
nu metal	popular music genre
metal	genre
nu metal	rock 'n' roll
metal	roll
nu metal	heavy metal music
metal	music
nu metal	music genre
nu metal	economic science
metal	science
nu metal	heavy metal
nu metal	rock music
turnpike	infrastructure
turnpike	constructed structure
turnpike	structure
turnpike	route
turnpike	main road
turnpike	road
turnpike	way
turnpike	obstructor
backstay	structural member
backstay	member
backstay	support
backstay	reinforcement
backstay	stay
backstay	strengthener
backstay	brace
euphemism	saying
euphemism	humour
euphemism	image
euphemism	literary technique
euphemism	technique
euphemism	wit
euphemism	grammatical construction
euphemism	construction
euphemism	witticism
euphemism	phrase
euphemism	syntagma
euphemism	humor
euphemism	figure
euphemism	language
euphemism	oral communication
euphemism	communication
euphemism	figure of speech
euphemism	speech
euphemism	set phrase
euphemism	wittiness
euphemism	speech communication
euphemism	spoken language
euphemism	expression
anticyclone	atmosphere
anticyclone	natural phenomenon
anticyclone	phenomenon
anticyclone	weather condition
anticyclone	condition
copper	soln
copper	conductor
copper	thermodynamic system
copper	system
copper	native metal
copper	metal
copper	metallicity
copper	legal tender
copper	tender
copper	coin
copper	coloring material
copper	material
copper	stone
copper	metallic element
copper	element
copper	colour
copper	solution
copper	polyphyletic
copper	alloy
copper	venetian red
copper	negotiable instrument
copper	instrument
copper	molecular entity
copper	entity
sloop	transportation
sloop	passenger transport
sloop	transport
sloop	sailing ship
sloop	ship
sloop	ship type
sloop	type
sloop	mode of transport
sloop	mode
sloop	means of transport
sloop	mean
sloop	sailboat
sloop	boat
sloop	sailing boat
staginess	unnaturalness
staginess	artificiality
closeness	distance
closeness	belonging
closeness	placement
closeness	spatial arrangement
closeness	arrangement
closeness	spacing
closeness	spatial relation
closeness	relation
rectory	residence
rectory	constructed structure
rectory	structure
square sail	work of art
sail	work
square sail	sail
syneresis	chemical process
syneresis	process
syneresis	sound change
syneresis	change
syneresis	chemical change
syneresis	chemical action
syneresis	action
syneresis	natural action
syneresis	natural process
telemovie	flick
telemovie	recording
telemovie	tv program
telemovie	program
telemovie	moving picture
telemovie	picture
telemovie	data storage device
telemovie	device
telemovie	transmission channel
telemovie	channel
telemovie	storage medium
telemovie	medium
telemovie	feature
telemovie	data-storage medium
telemovie	feature film
telemovie	film
telemovie	tv show
telemovie	show
telemovie	broadcast
telemovie	television show
telemovie	picture show
telemovie	movie
telemovie	tv series
telemovie	series
telemovie	motion picture
telemovie	technology
telemovie	communication medium
committee	nongovernmental organization
committee	organization
committee	ngo
committee	non-governmental organization
committee	non-governmental organisation
committee	organisation
hell	fictitious place
hell	place
hell	misbehavior
hell	wrongdoing
hell	misbehaviour
hell	misconduct
hell	wrongful conduct
hell	conduct
hell	misdeed
hell	mythical place
hell	imaginary place
avenue	roadway
avenue	freeway
avenue	thruway
avenue	street
avenue	way
avenue	route
avenue	main road
avenue	road
avenue	motorway
avenue	fund
avenue	state highway
avenue	highway
avenue	physical system
avenue	system
avenue	superhighway
avenue	controlled-access highway
avenue	expressway
avenue	store
unix shell	computer programme
shell	programme
unix shell	shell
unix shell	coding system
shell	system
unix shell	fundamental interaction
shell	interaction
unix shell	computer program
shell	program
papillon	dog type
papillon	type
papillon	domestic animal
papillon	animal
papillon	domestic dog
papillon	dog
papillon	toy dog
papillon	breed
papillon	dog breed
papillon	domesticated animal
papillon	animal group
papillon	group
lats	monetary unit
lat	unit
ideal gas	gaseous state
ideal gas	state
ideal gas	gas
ideal gas	state of matter
boson	subatomic particle
boson	particle
saltire	picture
saltire	figure
saltire	fault
saltire	image
saltire	cross
saltire	icon
child care	aid
care	aid
child care	assistance
care	assistance
child care	assist
care	assist
child care	help
care	help
child care	service
care	service
van	camper van
van	motorhome
van	move
van	wheeled vehicle
van	vehicle
van	traveling
van	technology
van	transport
van	automotive vehicle
van	rv
van	military force
van	force
van	travel
van	self-propelled vehicle
van	road vehicle
van	recreational vehicle
van	travelling
van	lorry
van	railway car
van	car
van	medium
van	transportation
van	railcar
van	passenger transport
van	motor coach
van	coach
van	military group
van	group
van	motortruck
van	mode of transport
van	mode
van	wagon
van	means of transportation
van	mean
van	means of transport
van	land vehicle
van	campervan
van	motor vehicle
van	motion
van	transmission
van	conveyance
van	truck
van	railroad car
van	military organization
van	organization
conformist	conservative
lira	monetary unit
lira	unit
viral marketing	social relation
marketing	relation
viral marketing	buzz word
marketing	word
viral marketing	decision-making
marketing	decision-making
viral marketing	social psychology
marketing	psychology
viral marketing	buzzword
marketing	buzzword
viral marketing	group behaviour
marketing	behaviour
sucker	dupe
sucker	confectionery
sucker	teleost fish
sucker	fish
sucker	victim
sucker	marine animal
sucker	animal
sucker	simple sugar
sucker	sugar
sucker	goody
sucker	confection
sucker	confectionary
sucker	candy
sucker	carbohydrate
sucker	sweets
sucker	sweet
sucker	methodology
sucker	treat
sucker	pisces
sucker	sea animal
shuttle	transportation
shuttle	means of transport
shuttle	mean
shuttle	travel
shuttle	move
shuttle	passenger transport
shuttle	transport
shuttle	mechanism
shuttle	missile
shuttle	motion
shuttle	public transport
shuttle	conveyance
shuttle	mechanical assembly
shuttle	assembly
shuttle	traveling
shuttle	projectile
shuttle	travelling
shuttle	movement
bed rest	attention
rest	attention
bed rest	rest
bed rest	medical aid
rest	aid
bed rest	health care
rest	care
bed rest	therapy
rest	therapy
bed rest	treatment
rest	treatment
bed rest	relaxation
rest	relaxation
bed rest	medical care
bed rest	aid
bed rest	care
compound	constructed structure
compound	structure
compound	lexical unit
compound	unit
compound	edifice
compound	dictionary entry
compound	entry
compound	public building
compound	building
compound	language unit
compound	lexical item
compound	item
release notes	computer file
note	file
release notes	evidence
note	evidence
release notes	write-up
note	write-up
release notes	written document
note	document
release notes	scientific evidence
release notes	file
release notes	text file
release notes	textfile
note	textfile
harrow	agricultural machinery
harrow	machinery
harrow	agricultural equipment
harrow	equipment
harrow	farm machinery
harrow	mechanism
harrow	farm machine
harrow	machine
granadilla	plant
granadilla	passion flower
granadilla	flower
granadilla	genus passiflora
granadilla	passiflora
granadilla	edible fruit
granadilla	fruit
granadilla	passionflower vine
granadilla	vine
granadilla	passionflower
granadilla	passion fruit
autocracy	political organization
autocracy	organization
autocracy	political ideology
autocracy	ideology
autocracy	scheme
autocracy	form of government
autocracy	form
autocracy	government
autocracy	social control
autocracy	control
autocracy	government activity
autocracy	activity
autocracy	administration
autocracy	governance
autocracy	political organisation
autocracy	organisation
autocracy	governing
autocracy	form of rule
autocracy	gov
autocracy	political system
autocracy	system
fire service	government department
service	department
fire service	dept
service	dept
fire service	branch
service	branch
fire service	government agency
service	agency
fire service	department
fire service	local department
stokes drift	variable
drift	variable
stokes drift	speed
drift	speed
stokes drift	temporal property
drift	property
stokes drift	swiftness
drift	swiftness
stokes drift	variable quantity
drift	quantity
capability	susceptibility
capability	state
capability	technical specification
capability	specification
transmission	gear mechanism
transmission	mechanism
transmission	sending
transmission	mechanical assembly
transmission	assembly
cnidaria	animal
turbofan	engine
turbofan	thermodynamic system
turbofan	system
turbofan	jet plane
turbofan	plane
turbofan	heavier-than-air craft
turbofan	craft
turbofan	internal-combustion engine
turbofan	passenger transport
turbofan	transport
turbofan	multi-cylinder engine
turbofan	piston engine
turbofan	fixed-wing aircraft
turbofan	aircraft
turbofan	engine configuration
turbofan	configuration
turbofan	mechanical assembly
turbofan	assembly
turbofan	mechanism
turbofan	motor
turbofan	mode of transport
turbofan	mode
turbofan	turbine
turbofan	airplane
turbofan	aircraft engine
turbofan	means of transportation
turbofan	mean
turbofan	jet aircraft
turbofan	jet
turbofan	turbomachine
turbofan	means of transport
turbofan	turbomachinery
turbofan	gas turbine
turbofan	rotary engine
turbofan	conveyance
turbofan	reciprocating engine
turbofan	aeroplane
turbofan	aero engine
turbofan	jet engine
turbofan	engine-generator
nubian	plant
nubian	egyptian
nubian	tracheophyte
nubian	preservation
nubian	person
nubian	political economy
nubian	economy
nubian	biological group
nubian	group
nubian	african
nubian	knowledge organization
nubian	organization
accelerator	printed circuit
accelerator	circuit
accelerator	component
accelerator	computer circuit
accelerator	electronic circuit
accelerator	controller
accelerator	electronic component
accelerator	electronic equipment
accelerator	equipment
accelerator	pedal
accelerator	electrical circuit
accelerator	foot pedal
accelerator	circuit board
accelerator	board
accelerator	foot lever
accelerator	lever
accelerator	pc board
accelerator	microcircuit
accelerator	valve
accelerator	electric circuit
accelerator	mechanism
accelerator	semiconductor
accelerator	circuit card
accelerator	card
accelerator	electrical network
accelerator	network
accelerator	computer hardware
accelerator	hardware
accelerator	semiconducting material
accelerator	material
accelerator	computer chip
accelerator	chip
generation	function
generation	bodily process
generation	process
generation	biological group
generation	group
generation	bodily function
generation	business process
generation	sexual activity
generation	activity
generation	reproduction
generation	sex activity
generation	sexual act
generation	act
generation	sexual relations
generation	relation
generation	breeding
generation	stage
house	line of descent
house	line
house	musical style
house	style
house	legislative assembly
house	assembly
house	kindred
house	heredity
house	law-makers
house	kin
house	lodging
house	clan
house	blood line
house	pedigree
house	bloodline
house	housing
house	public building
house	building
house	living accommodations
house	accommodation
house	locale
house	family line
house	legislative body
house	body
house	family unit
house	unit
house	kin group
house	group
fish	card game
fish	game
fish	biological group
fish	group
fish	binomial name
fish	name
fish	habitat
fish	microhabitat
fish	microenvironment
fish	environment
fish	environment variable
fish	variable
fish	animal
fish	habitation
fish	binomial nomenclature
fish	nomenclature
greenmail	maneuver
greenmail	decision
greenmail	move
greenmail	measure
greenmail	step
greenmail	manoeuvre
greenmail	tactical manoeuvre
greenmail	tactical maneuver
interleaf	folio
interleaf	sheet
interleaf	piece of paper
interleaf	piece
interleaf	book
interleaf	paper
interleaf	piece of work
interleaf	leaf
interleaf	sheet of paper
interleaf	page
empennage	airplane
empennage	means of transportation
empennage	mean
empennage	conveyance
empennage	mechanical assembly
empennage	assembly
empennage	transport
empennage	vehicle
empennage	aircraft part
empennage	part
empennage	mode of transport
empennage	mode
empennage	aircraft
empennage	mechanism
apiaceae	plant
operation	medical science
operation	science
operation	engineering science
operation	utility program
operation	program
operation	data processing
operation	processing
operation	calculation
operation	business activity
operation	activity
operation	human language
operation	language
operation	engineering
operation	computation
operation	warring
operation	endeavor
operation	utility
operation	military action
operation	action
operation	database
operation	service program
operation	medical procedure
operation	procedure
operation	enterprise
operation	engineering physics
operation	physic
operation	applied science
operation	warfare
operation	medicine
operation	learned profession
operation	profession
operation	practice of medicine
operation	practice
operation	dispute
operation	war
operation	utility software
operation	software
flavin	ketone
tropical depression	atmosphere
depression	atmosphere
tropical depression	windstorm
depression	windstorm
tropical depression	violent storm
depression	storm
tropical depression	air current
depression	air
tropical depression	weather
depression	weather
tropical depression	atmospheric condition
depression	condition
tropical depression	current of air
depression	current of air
tropical depression	physical phenomenon
depression	phenomenon
tropical depression	natural phenomenon
tropical depression	flux
depression	flux
tropical depression	cyclone
depression	cyclone
tropical depression	weather condition
tropical depression	wind
depression	wind
kidney transplantation	medical science
transplantation	science
kidney transplantation	surgical procedure
transplantation	procedure
kidney transplantation	organ transplantation
kidney transplantation	learned profession
transplantation	profession
kidney transplantation	surgical process
transplantation	process
kidney transplantation	surgical operation
transplantation	operation
kidney transplantation	evidence
transplantation	evidence
kidney transplantation	data file
transplantation	file
kidney transplantation	organ transplant
transplantation	transplant
kidney transplantation	file
kidney transplantation	medicine
transplantation	medicine
kidney transplantation	medical procedure
kidney transplantation	surgery
transplantation	surgery
kidney transplantation	transplantation
kidney transplantation	technology
transplantation	technology
kidney transplantation	practice of medicine
transplantation	practice
kidney transplantation	transplant
lipstick	make-up
lipstick	makeup
lipstick	cosmetic
lipstick	cosmetics
ulnar artery	blood supply
artery	supply
ulnar artery	bodily structure
artery	structure
ulnar artery	closed circulatory system
artery	system
ulnar artery	tube
artery	tube
ulnar artery	blood circulation
artery	circulation
ulnar artery	body structure
ulnar artery	anatomical structure
ulnar artery	cardiovascular system
ulnar artery	body part
artery	part
ulnar artery	vasculature
artery	vasculature
ulnar artery	artery
ulnar artery	bloodstream
artery	bloodstream
ulnar artery	vascular system
hill	mountain
hill	cartography
hill	elevation
hill	natural elevation
hill	mount
hill	mapmaking
megathrust earthquake	natural disaster
megathrust earthquake	observable
earthquake	observable
megathrust earthquake	disaster
megathrust earthquake	peril
earthquake	peril
megathrust earthquake	seism
earthquake	seism
megathrust earthquake	phenomenon
megathrust earthquake	danger
earthquake	danger
megathrust earthquake	jeopardy
earthquake	jeopardy
megathrust earthquake	misfortune
earthquake	misfortune
megathrust earthquake	hazard
earthquake	hazard
megathrust earthquake	risk
earthquake	risk
megathrust earthquake	endangerment
earthquake	endangerment
megathrust earthquake	seismic activity
earthquake	activity
megathrust earthquake	quake
earthquake	quake
megathrust earthquake	trouble
earthquake	trouble
megathrust earthquake	natural phenomenon
megathrust earthquake	earthquake
megathrust earthquake	geological phenomenon
megathrust earthquake	catastrophe
fiber	cell
fiber	thread of execution
fiber	thread
fiber	fabric
fiber	cloth
fiber	food product
fiber	product
fiber	hardware
fiber	equipment
fiber	foodstuff
fiber	textile
fiber	computer hardware
pud	dessert
cornstarch	carbohydrate
cornstarch	glycan
cornstarch	saccharide
cornstarch	polysaccharide
disposition	specifications
disposition	specification
disposition	written document
disposition	document
disposition	technical specification
general assembly	unicameral legislature
assembly	legislature
general assembly	national assembly
general assembly	unicameralism
assembly	unicameralism
inspection	enquiry
inspection	investigating
inspection	investigation
inspection	inquiry
inspection	scrutiny
space research	scientific research
space research	methodology
research	methodology
space research	scientific method
research	method
protist	microorganism
protist	micro-organism
rat-catcher	working man
rat-catcher	man
rat-catcher	workingman
rat-catcher	workman
rat-catcher	worker
rat-catcher	employ
rat-catcher	person
rat-catcher	employee
rat-catcher	working person
rat-catcher	quotation
rat-catcher	grammatical relation
rat-catcher	relation
rat-catcher	technical specification
rat-catcher	specification
retainer	working man
retainer	man
retainer	workingman
retainer	fixed costs
retainer	cost
retainer	worker
retainer	retail price
retainer	price
retainer	labourer
retainer	disbursement
retainer	fixed cost
retainer	fee
retainer	transferred property
retainer	property
retainer	fixed charge
retainer	charge
retainer	workman
retainer	disbursal
retainer	outgo
retainer	expenditure
retainer	working person
retainer	person
retainer	expense
proton pump	protein
pump	protein
proton pump	integral membrane protein
proton pump	biomolecule
pump	biomolecule
circuit	function
circuit	track
circuit	route
circuit	move
circuit	bound
circuit	judiciary
circuit	electrical device
circuit	device
circuit	membership
circuit	circuitry
circuit	electronic equipment
circuit	equipment
circuit	devising
circuit	path
circuit	race track
circuit	racecourse
circuit	electronic circuit
circuit	judicial
circuit	travel
circuit	racetrack
circuit	judicature
circuit	mathematical relation
circuit	relation
circuit	motion
circuit	binary relation
circuit	raceway
circuit	judicial system
circuit	system
disincentive	rational motive
disincentive	motive
botany	bioscience
anglophile	advocator
anglophile	advocate
anglophile	protagonist
anglophile	admirer
anglophile	supporter
anglophile	friend
anglophile	booster
blank	cartridge
blank	munition
blank	electric energy
blank	energy
blank	measurement
blank	gap
blank	depiction
blank	devoid
blank	weaponry
blank	measure
blank	depicting
blank	flat solid
blank	solid
blank	crack
blank	storage
blank	record album
blank	album
blank	studio album
blank	ammunition
blank	round
ironing	consumer durables
ironing	durables
ironing	home appliance
ironing	appliance
ironing	clothing
ironing	household appliance
ironing	mechanical assembly
ironing	assembly
ironing	clothes
quads	muscular tissue
quad	tissue
quads	general anatomy
quad	anatomy
quads	muscle tissue
quads	striated muscle
quad	muscle
quads	soft tissue
quads	animal tissue
quads	skeletal muscle
quads	anatomy
quads	musculus
quad	musculus
quads	striated muscle tissue
quads	extensor muscle
far left	deciding
far left	decision-making
far left	decision making
far left	making
far left	group behaviour
far left	behaviour
script	written language
script	language
script	utility program
script	program
script	computer language
script	software program
script	measure
script	sign
script	depiction
script	system software
script	software
script	dramatic art
script	art
script	computer program
script	programing language
script	depicting
script	font
script	measurement
script	programming language
script	utility
script	planned language
script	theater
script	software package
script	package
script	signal
script	dramatics
script	portrayal
script	written symbol
script	symbol
script	representational process
script	process
script	system program
script	computer programme
script	programme
script	written communication
script	communication
script	service program
script	constructed language
script	utility software
station	ratio
station	technical specification
station	specification
station	radio frequency
station	frequency
station	social station
station	magnitude relation
station	relation
station	public building
station	building
station	rate
warming	phenomenon
warming	temperature change
warming	change
warming	weather
warming	atmospheric phenomenon
warming	atmospheric condition
warming	condition
warming	operator
warming	weather condition
warming	natural process
warming	process
warming	natural phenomenon
warming	atmospheric conditions
storm	function
storm	technical specification
storm	specification
storm	specifications
storm	hostility
storm	disagreement
storm	mapping
storm	musical work
storm	work
storm	single-valued function
storm	physical phenomenon
storm	natural phenomenon
storm	flutter
storm	difference of opinion
storm	difference
storm	optical phenomenon
storm	attack
storm	atmospheric phenomenon
storm	team
storm	disorder
storm	dispute
first lady	woman
lady	woman
first lady	success
lady	success
first lady	wife
lady	wife
first lady	female person
lady	person
first lady	adult female
lady	female
first lady	wifie
lady	wifie
first lady	married woman
first lady	person
first lady	female
first lady	spouse
lady	spouse
first lady	married person
first lady	husband
lady	husband
needle	measuring system
needle	system
needle	measuring instrument
needle	instrument
needle	pointer
needle	stylus
powertrain	mechanical assembly
powertrain	assembly
powertrain	mechanism
selector	slot
selector	electrical network
selector	network
selector	component
selector	add-in
selector	controller
selector	plug-in
selector	integrated circuit
selector	circuit
selector	constituent
selector	card
selector	circuit board
selector	board
selector	microcircuit
selector	electric circuit
selector	switch
selector	circuit card
dentist	physician
dentist	medico
dentist	health professional
dentist	professional
dentist	primary care provider
dentist	provider
dentist	health science
dentist	science
dentist	doctor
dentist	medical doctor
dentist	doc
dentist	health care provider
dentist	medical practitioner
dentist	practitioner
dentist	person
dentist	medical man
dentist	man
dentist	dr.
dentist	medical specialist
dentist	specialist
vindication	clearing
vindication	justification
vindication	research
vindication	healing knowledge
vindication	knowledge
vindication	liberation
dulcimer	stringed instrument
dulcimer	instrument
dulcimer	string instrument
dulcimer	musical instrument
dulcimer	plucked string instrument
tacking	needlecraft
tacking	stitch
instruction	story
instruction	language
instruction	narrative mode
instruction	mode
instruction	narrative
instruction	narration
instruction	human language
instruction	architecture
instruction	make-up
instruction	written communication
instruction	communication
instruction	communication medium
instruction	medium
instruction	piece of work
instruction	piece
kink	malady
kink	angular shape
kink	shape
kink	muscle spasm
kink	spasm
kink	proclivity
kink	propensity
kink	sickness
kink	proneness
kink	muscle contraction
kink	contraction
kink	angularity
kink	fold
kink	body part
kink	part
kink	illness
kink	bend
kink	muscular contraction
kink	muscular tissue
kink	tissue
kink	disorder
office automation	mechanisation
automation	mechanisation
office automation	short story
automation	story
office automation	automation
office automation	utilisation
automation	utilisation
office automation	engineering
automation	engineering
office automation	technology
automation	technology
office automation	high tech
automation	tech
office automation	use
automation	use
office automation	high technology
office automation	utilization
automation	utilization
office automation	book
automation	book
office automation	usage
automation	usage
office automation	exercise
automation	exercise
sister	relative
sister	woman
sister	female
sister	sib
sister	female sibling
sister	adult female
sister	religious person
sister	person
sister	member
sister	sibling
sister	missy
sister	young woman
sister	girlie
sister	fellow member
sister	family relationship
sister	relationship
sister	girl
sister	miss
sister	young lady
sister	lady
windage	retarding force
windage	force
windage	mechanical phenomenon
windage	phenomenon
windage	fundamental measure
windage	measure
windage	deflexion
windage	physical phenomenon
windage	natural phenomenon
windage	physical property
windage	property
windage	fundamental quantity
windage	quantity
windage	deflection
windage	size
clopyralid	biocide
clopyralid	herbicide
clopyralid	weed killer
clopyralid	killer
clopyralid	micro-organism
pedestrian	person
pedestrian	race
pedestrian	traveller
pedestrian	traveler
fading	shift
fading	transformation
fading	weakening
mountain	elevation
mountain	natural elevation
eisteddfod	festival
eisteddfod	party
eisteddfod	function
eisteddfod	social event
eisteddfod	event
eisteddfod	celebration
chairman	corporate executive
chairman	executive
chairman	presiding officer
chairman	officer
chairman	administrator
chairman	executive director
chairman	director
chairman	business executive
chairman	juridical person
chairman	person
chairman	boss
chairman	bos
chairman	chief
chairman	decision maker
chairman	maker
chairman	constituent
chairman	corporate title
chairman	title
chairman	senior management
chairman	management
chairman	leader
bottled water	drinkable
water	drinkable
bottled water	state of matter
water	state
bottled water	drink
water	drink
bottled water	fluid
water	fluid
bottled water	drinking water
bottled water	h2o
water	h2o
bottled water	beverage
water	beverage
bottled water	potable
water	potable
bottled water	liquid state
bottled water	liquidity
water	liquidity
supervolcano	extinct volcano
supervolcano	volcano
supervolcano	mountain
supervolcano	harm
supervolcano	injury
supervolcano	toilet
supervolcano	mount
supervolcano	terrain
supervolcano	hurt
supervolcano	trauma
supervolcano	lithostratigraphic unit
supervolcano	unit
supervolcano	separation process
supervolcano	process
supervolcano	locus
bayan	instrument
bayan	musical instrument
bayan	free reed
bayan	reed
bayan	keyboard instrument
bayan	accordion
quote	portraying
quote	text
quote	punctuation
quote	textual matter
quote	matter
quote	representational process
quote	process
quote	portrayal
quote	punctuation mark
quote	mark
quote	extract
headmaster	educationist
headmaster	instructor
headmaster	teacher
headmaster	educator
fresco	visual arts
fresco	art
fresco	work of art
fresco	work
fresco	wall painting
fresco	painting
fresco	picture
fresco	graphic art
fresco	image
fresco	fine arts
fresco	beaux arts
fresco	fine art
fresco	visual art
fresco	method
fresco	painter
glottal stop	sound
stop	sound
glottal stop	alphabetic character
stop	character
glottal stop	metrology
stop	metrology
glottal stop	signal
stop	signal
glottal stop	stop
glottal stop	speech sound
glottal stop	language unit
stop	unit
glottal stop	representational process
stop	process
glottal stop	depicting
stop	depicting
glottal stop	graphic symbol
stop	symbol
glottal stop	obstruent
stop	obstruent
singlet	innerwear
singlet	underwear
singlet	clothing
singlet	clothes
yawl	ship type
yawl	type
yawl	traveling
yawl	ship
yawl	boat
yawl	sailboat
yawl	travel
yawl	sail
yawl	mechanism
yawl	small boat
yawl	transport
yawl	sailing boat
yawl	travelling
yawl	movement
yawl	transportation
yawl	sailing vessel
yawl	vessel
yawl	passenger transport
yawl	sailing ship
yawl	mode of transport
yawl	mode
yawl	means of transportation
yawl	mean
yawl	means of transport
yawl	land vehicle
yawl	vehicle
yawl	motion
quincunx	obligation
quincunx	textfile
urinary bladder	organ
bladder	organ
urinary bladder	cavity
bladder	cavity
urinary bladder	bladder
urinary bladder	body structure
bladder	structure
urinary bladder	body part
bladder	part
urinary bladder	bodily structure
aileron	means of transportation
aileron	mean
aileron	travelling
aileron	transportation
aileron	mode of transport
aileron	mode
aileron	means of transport
aileron	move
aileron	passenger transport
aileron	transport
aileron	aerofoil
aileron	surface
aileron	airfoil
aileron	control surface
aileron	aircraft
aileron	mechanical assembly
aileron	assembly
aileron	traveling
aileron	aeroplane
aileron	airplane
aileron	reasoning
lustiness	strength
lordship	control
lordship	authorisation
lordship	potency
lordship	authorization
clerisy	socio-economic class
clerisy	class
clerisy	elite group
clerisy	group
clerisy	social class
clerisy	upper class
chowder	dish
chowder	soup
chowder	stew
netherworld	imaginary place
netherworld	place
netherworld	mythical place
freight	traveling
freight	guided transport
freight	transport
freight	transportation
freight	public transport
freight	price
freight	freight transport
freight	shipping
freight	means of transport
freight	mean
freight	train
freight	travelling
freight	railroad train
freight	charge per unit
freight	charge
freight	mode of transport
freight	mode
freight	freight train
freight	travel
font	measure
font	written symbol
font	symbol
font	measurement
fine	penalty
fine	money
fine	cost
fine	expenditure
stubble	full beard
stubble	beard
stubble	moustache
stubble	facial hair
stubble	hair
urus	oxen
urus	ox
urus	cow
urus	wild ox
urus	hoofed mammal
urus	mammal
urus	bovid
urus	cows
drumbeat	sound
drumbeat	technical specification
drumbeat	specification
drumbeat	beat
drumbeat	beat level
drumbeat	level
drumbeat	musical time
drumbeat	time
drumbeat	rhythm
drumbeat	musical rhythm
blackface	cosmetics
blackface	cosmetic
blackface	makeup
blackface	make-up
blackface	war paint
blackface	paint
writer	person
writer	literate
writer	literate person
assertion	declaration
diorama	picture
diorama	work of art
diorama	work
diorama	figure
diorama	fault
diorama	image
diorama	photograph
diorama	illustration
diorama	photo
diorama	drawing
cistron	genetic information
cistron	information
cistron	biological sequence
cistron	sequence
distributer	supplier
distributer	electrical device
distributer	device
distributer	provider
shepherd	working man
shepherd	man
shepherd	worker
shepherd	herder
shepherd	laborer
shepherd	clergyman
shepherd	hired man
shepherd	workman
shepherd	person
shepherd	priest
shepherd	employee
shepherd	working person
fasces	symbolization
fasces	representational process
fasces	process
fasces	symbolic representation
fasces	representation
fasces	allegory
hit	decease
hit	technical specification
hit	specification
hit	specifications
hit	killer
hit	criminal offence
hit	offence
hit	killing
hit	kill
hit	wrongful act
hit	act
hit	death
hit	cause of death
hit	cause
hit	actus reus
hit	reus
hit	success
hit	unrighteousness
hit	criminal offense
hit	offense
hit	crime
hit	trial
hit	connection
hit	termination
hit	voluntary action
hit	action
hit	wrongfulness
secular	common man
secular	man
secular	commoner
isolationism	argumentation
isolationism	logical thinking
isolationism	thinking
isolationism	law of nature
isolationism	law
isolationism	logical argument
isolationism	argument
isolationism	natural law
isolationism	intellection
isolationism	principle
isolationism	reasoning
freedman	freeman
freedman	performing arts
freedman	art
freedman	popular music
freedman	music
freedman	breakdance
freedman	moving picture
freedman	picture
freedman	musical work
freedman	work
freedman	african-american music
freedman	breaking
freedman	popular music genre
freedman	genre
freedman	work of art
freedman	break dance
freedman	dance
freedman	break
freedman	freewoman
freedman	breakdancing
freedman	picture show
freedman	show
freedman	street dance
freedman	motion picture
freedman	black music
freedman	rap music
freedman	hip hop
freedman	hop
continuum	technical specification
continuum	specification
continuum	space
continuum	word string
continuum	string
continuum	explanation
continuum	possibility
continuum	specifications
continuum	hypothesis
continuum	extent
continuum	infinite
continuum	metric space
progressive	syntactic category
progressive	category
complicatedness	complexity
complicatedness	complexness
delegacy	direction
delegacy	selection
delegacy	appointment
delegacy	technical specification
delegacy	specification
delegacy	specifications
delegacy	assignment
delegacy	choice
delegacy	determination
delegacy	choosing
delegacy	naming
delegacy	option
delegacy	empowerment
delegacy	management
delegacy	designation
delegacy	social control
delegacy	control
delegacy	authorisation
delegacy	authorization
delegacy	conclusion
railyard	track
railyard	railway track
railyard	train track
railyard	topological space
railyard	space
railyard	rail track
railyard	separable space
railyard	hausdorff space
railyard	mathematical structure
railyard	structure
railyard	railroad track
river	waterbody
river	body of water
river	body
knickers	underwear
knickers	trouser
knickers	descendants
knickers	descendant
knickers	innerwear
knickers	clothing
knickers	personal identity
knickers	identity
knickers	relative
knickers	person
knickers	male person
knickers	physiological property
knickers	property
knickers	trousers
knickers	posterity
knickers	clothes
knickers	gender identity
knickers	children
knickers	child
knickers	personality
newsagent	engineering science
newsagent	science
newsagent	shopkeeper
newsagent	dbms
newsagent	database
newsagent	storekeeper
newsagent	engineering physics
newsagent	physic
newsagent	database management system
newsagent	system
newsagent	tradesman
sea	turbulent flow
sea	flow
sea	waterbody
sea	natural action
sea	action
sea	body of water
sea	body
pennon	picture
pennon	figure
pennon	map
pennon	artifact
pennon	flag
pennon	error
pennon	wing
aqueduct	cylinder
aqueduct	two-dimensional figure
aqueduct	figure
aqueduct	constructed structure
aqueduct	structure
aqueduct	cross section
aqueduct	section
aqueduct	equipment
aqueduct	packing
aqueduct	tubing
aqueduct	packing material
aqueduct	material
aqueduct	surface area
aqueduct	area
nuclear energy	phenomenon
energy	phenomenon
nuclear energy	algebra
energy	algebra
nuclear energy	energy
nuclear energy	physical property
energy	property
nuclear energy	free energy
nuclear energy	scalar
energy	scalar
nuclear energy	magnitude
energy	magnitude
nuclear energy	variable
energy	variable
nuclear energy	natural phenomenon
nuclear energy	technical specification
energy	specification
powerhouse	work of art
powerhouse	work
powerhouse	installation
powerhouse	facility
powerhouse	worker
powerhouse	person
powerhouse	squad
hurdling	olympic sport
hurdling	sport
hurdling	footrace
hurdling	run
hurdling	contest
hurdling	athlete
hurdling	race
hurdling	olympic sports
hurdling	group event
hurdling	event
hurdling	type of sport
hurdling	type
hurdling	foot race
hurdling	track event
jammies	nightwear
jammies	clothing
jammies	sleepwear
jammies	nightclothes
jammies	clothes
marriage	point of reference
marriage	point
marriage	function
marriage	tribe
marriage	union
marriage	agreement
marriage	understanding
marriage	note
marriage	family unit
marriage	unit
marriage	written agreement
marriage	kin
marriage	reference point
marriage	annotation
archduke	affix
archduke	title
archduke	patrician
archduke	title of respect
archduke	boss
archduke	bos
archduke	person
archduke	chief
archduke	honorific
archduke	aristocrat
archduke	leader
complement	technical specification
complement	specification
complement	manpower
complement	specifications
complement	personnel
complement	human resources
complement	resource
complement	work force
complement	force
complement	workforce
complement	counterpart
complement	membership
complement	activator
brewing	manufacture
immateriality	unconnectedness
immateriality	irrelevance
viscometry	measuring
viscometry	measure
viscometry	measurement
aircraft	means of transportation
aircraft	mean
aircraft	mechanical assembly
aircraft	assembly
aircraft	means of transport
aircraft	travel
aircraft	move
aircraft	passenger transport
aircraft	transport
aircraft	mode of transport
aircraft	mode
interface	code
interface	manifold
interface	landed property
interface	property
interface	computer circuit
interface	circuit
interface	electrical device
interface	device
interface	circuitry
interface	surface
interface	convergence
interface	intersection
interface	boundary
interface	computer programme
interface	programme
interface	computer code
interface	electronic circuit
interface	equipment
interface	interaction
interface	fundamental interaction
interface	software
dividend	cost
dividend	profit
dividend	net earnings
dividend	earnings
dividend	net profit
dividend	net income
dividend	income
dividend	financial gain
dividend	gain
dividend	payment
dividend	profits
inertia	propensity
inertia	natural phenomenon
inertia	phenomenon
inertia	tendency
inertia	physical phenomenon
prescription	medical science
prescription	science
prescription	drug
prescription	medicine
prescription	medicinal drug
prescription	pharmaceutical drug
prescription	practice of medicine
prescription	practice
hyperlink	written language
hyperlink	language
hyperlink	code
hyperlink	computer architecture
hyperlink	architecture
hyperlink	reference
hyperlink	coding system
hyperlink	system
hyperlink	program line
hyperlink	line
hyperlink	computer code
hyperlink	command
hyperlink	address
hyperlink	link
hyperlink	computer address
hyperlink	address space
hyperlink	space
licentiate	student
licentiate	scholarly method
licentiate	method
licentiate	scholar
licentiate	scholarly person
licentiate	person
bondman	bond servant
bondman	servant
bondman	person
bondman	slave
loaf	foodstuff
loaf	food product
loaf	product
witch-hunt	persecutor
charlotte	dish
charlotte	dessert
charlotte	sweet
hill cipher	secret code
cipher	code
hill cipher	source code
hill cipher	software
cipher	software
hill cipher	cypher
cipher	cypher
hill cipher	computer code
hill cipher	software package
cipher	package
hill cipher	software program
cipher	program
hill cipher	substitution cipher
hill cipher	coding system
cipher	system
hill cipher	written language
cipher	language
hill cipher	cipher
hill cipher	computer program
hill cipher	cryptograph
cipher	cryptograph
hill cipher	computer software
hill cipher	written communication
cipher	communication
hill cipher	computer programme
cipher	programme
recycling	usage
recycling	use
recycling	utilization
community	entourage
community	social event
community	event
community	world organization
community	organization
community	government
community	club
community	team sport
community	sport
community	tournament
community	planning board
community	board
community	competition
community	global organization
community	sports league
community	league
community	voluntary association
community	association
community	governing
community	brotherhood
community	athletic conference
community	conference
community	locale
community	group event
community	government activity
community	activity
community	international organisation
community	organisation
community	international organization
community	administration
community	coalition
community	governance
community	surroundings
community	state
community	squad
community	team
community	world organisation
community	gov
spotting	dirtying
spotting	uncovering
spotting	soiling
spotting	find
spotting	discovery
village	locale
village	city
village	mapmaking
lipogram	literary technique
lipogram	technique
belt	control
belt	celestial navigation
belt	navigation
belt	loop
belt	constraint
belt	track
belt	restraint
belt	weapon
belt	curved shape
belt	shape
belt	straight line
belt	line
belt	curvature
belt	accessory
belt	ribbon
belt	continuous function
belt	function
belt	kilogram calorie
belt	calorie
belt	fashion accessory
belt	clothing
belt	route
belt	piloting
belt	clothes
bolster	padding
bolster	cushioning
bolster	cushion
bolster	pillow
gypsum	research laboratory
gypsum	laboratory
gypsum	stone
gypsum	science laboratory
gypsum	research lab
gypsum	lab
gypsum	rock
gypsum	geographic point
gypsum	point
gypsum	research centre
gypsum	centre
gypsum	research center
gypsum	center
gypsum	research institute
gypsum	institute
gypsum	calcium sulfate
gypsum	sulfate
gypsum	calcium sulphate
gypsum	sulphate
gypsum	sulfate minerals
gypsum	mineral
raise	slope
raise	increase
raise	incline
raise	increment
raise	gamble
pocketbook	soft-cover book
pocketbook	book
pocketbook	paperback book
pocketbook	storage medium
pocketbook	medium
pocketbook	storage
pocketbook	softback book
dub	sound
dub	sense experience
dub	experience
dub	sensation
dub	sense datum
dub	datum
dub	sense impression
dub	impression
dub	auditory sensation
strategy	planned language
strategy	language
strategy	software
strategy	utility program
strategy	program
strategy	software program
strategy	operating system
strategy	system
strategy	database
strategy	programming
strategy	service program
strategy	software package
strategy	package
strategy	plan of action
strategy	plan
strategy	system software
strategy	computer software
strategy	computer programming
strategy	computer
strategy	database management system
strategy	computer program
strategy	computer programme
strategy	programme
strategy	systems software
strategy	systems program
strategy	utility
strategy	programing
strategy	utility software
blueness	primary color
blueness	color
blueness	spectral color
blueness	primary colour
blueness	colour
pe	depiction
pe	measurement
pe	measure
pe	representational process
pe	process
fumigation	manual labour
fumigation	labour
fumigation	labor market
fumigation	market
fumigation	manual labor
fumigation	labor
fumigation	job market
fumigation	labour market
satoyama	black and white
roomette	compartment
firm	place of business
firm	place
firm	business concern
firm	concern
firm	military action
firm	action
firm	business organisation
firm	organisation
firm	separate legal entity
firm	entity
firm	business establishment
firm	establishment
firm	business organization
firm	organization
referee	jurisconsult
referee	person
referee	critic
referee	judge
referee	evaluator
referee	jurist
brush-off	rejection
brush-off	social rejection
fire	oxidoreduction
fire	onslaught
fire	reaction mixture
fire	mixture
fire	chemical reaction
fire	reaction
fire	assault
fire	oven
fire	trouble
fire	burning
fire	combustion
fire	warfare
fire	war
fire	attack
fire	inquiry
fire	redox
fire	natural action
fire	action
fire	natural process
fire	process
ineptitude	inability
ineptitude	unskillfulness
wheeler	manufacture
wheeler	horse
wheeler	proclivity
wheeler	artificer
wheeler	artistic movement
wheeler	movement
wheeler	traveller
wheeler	draft horse
wheeler	art movement
wheeler	person
wheeler	artisan
wheeler	craftsman
wheeler	traveler
wheeler	rider
precision	set theory
precision	theory
precision	definite quantity
precision	quantity
precision	accuracy
precision	accuracy and precision
precision	exactness
fund	financial gain
fund	gain
fund	transferred property
fund	property
fund	financial organization
fund	organization
fund	money
fund	net earnings
fund	earnings
fund	partnership
fund	profit
fund	net profit
fund	net income
fund	income
fund	company
fund	profits
representative	politician
representative	member of parliament
representative	member
representative	advocate
representative	negotiator
representative	boss
representative	bos
representative	person
representative	chief
representative	political leader
representative	leader
representative	legislator
porphyrin	colourant
loom	textile machine
loom	machine
bibliographic database	bibliology
database	bibliology
bibliographic database	website
database	website
bibliographic database	computer file
database	file
bibliographic database	bibliography
database	bibliography
bibliographic database	bibliographic index
database	index
bibliographic database	database
bibliographic database	data storage device
database	device
bibliographic database	appliance
database	appliance
bibliographic database	storage
database	storage
bibliographic database	electronic media
database	medium
bibliographic database	list
database	list
bibliographic database	data-storage medium
bibliographic database	data file
bibliographic database	database management system
database	system
bibliographic database	file
bibliographic database	computing device
wrongness	improperness
wrongness	immorality
solid	form
solid	area of mathematics
solid	area
solid	state
solid	state of matter
solid	natural phenomenon
solid	phenomenon
solid	substantial form
one-way street	right of way
street	right
one-way street	freeway
street	freeway
one-way street	street
one-way street	superhighway
street	superhighway
one-way street	route
street	route
one-way street	transport infrastructure
street	infrastructure
one-way street	motorway
street	motorway
one-way street	road traffic
street	traffic
one-way street	throughway
street	throughway
one-way street	state highway
street	highway
one-way street	traffic
one-way street	way
street	way
one-way street	controlled-access highway
one-way street	expressway
street	expressway
straight	line segment
straight	segment
straight	specifications
straight	specification
straight	form
straight	poker hand
straight	hand
straight	straight line
straight	line
straight	track
straight	shape
straight	installation art
straight	art
fibrillin	biomolecule
fibrillin	polymer
fibrillin	macromolecule
fibrillin	biopolymer
fibrillin	glycoprotein
budget	money
budget	fund
budget	cost
budget	financial plan
budget	plan
budget	expense
budget	monetary fund
confederacy	union
confederacy	circle
confederacy	agreement
confederacy	understanding
colugo	animal
gamboge	saffron yellow
gamboge	yellow
gamboge	plant substance
gamboge	substance
gamboge	plant product
gamboge	product
gamboge	secretion
gamboge	orange yellow
gamboge	plant material
gamboge	material
gamboge	saffron
gamboge	natural resin
gamboge	resin
skeet shooting	shoot
skeet	shoot
skeet shooting	sport
skeet	sport
skeet shooting	shot
skeet	shot
skeet shooting	contest
skeet	contest
skeet shooting	competition
skeet	competition
skeet shooting	shooting sport
skeet shooting	olympic sports
skeet shooting	olympic sport
skeet shooting	shooting
skeet	shooting
skeet shooting	type of sport
skeet	type
ecclesiastic	priest
ecclesiastic	clergyman
ecclesiastic	minister
fleur-de-lis	heraldry
fleur-de-lis	motif
fleur-de-lis	figure
fleur-de-lis	picture
fleur-de-lis	image
fleur-de-lis	illustration
fleur-de-lis	emblem
fleur-de-lis	drawing
fleur-de-lis	icon
escheat	portion
escheat	transferred property
escheat	property
escheat	assets
escheat	asset
century	area of mathematics
century	area
century	metric
century	time interval
century	interval
century	time unit
century	unit
century	years
century	year
century	solar year
century	si base unit
century	orbital period
century	period
century	fundamental measure
century	measure
century	period of time
century	long time
century	time
century	annum
century	tropical year
century	astronomical year
century	age
century	orbit period
century	definite quantity
century	quantity
century	time standard
century	standard
century	unit of time
century	dimensionless quantity
century	time period
century	system of measurement
century	system
imperialism	policy
imperialism	foreign policy
imperialism	intellection
imperialism	thought process
imperialism	process
imperialism	thinking
triple	multiple
triple	technical specification
triple	specification
triple	calculation
triple	mathematical process
triple	process
triple	membership
triple	multiplication
triple	reckoning
triple	achievement
triple	times
triple	time
triple	mathematical operation
triple	operation
triple	binary operation
triple	binary arithmetic operation
triple	mathematical product
triple	product
cribbage	tabletop game
cribbage	game
cribbage	card game
rheumatism	illness
rheumatism	sickness
rheumatism	autoimmune disease
rheumatism	disease
rheumatism	arthritis
rheumatism	inflammatory disease
rheumatism	disorder
viola	stringed instrument
viola	instrument
viola	string instrument
viola	musical instrument
viola	plucked string instrument
grand	picture
grand	moving picture
grand	locale
grand	season
grand	unit of length
grand	unit
grand	large integer
grand	integer
grand	television show
grand	show
grand	moving-picture show
grand	sitcom
grand	tv program
grand	program
grand	television series
grand	series
grand	venue
grand	social event
grand	event
grand	television program
grand	percussion
grand	tv show
grand	tv series
magnetometer	measuring system
magnetometer	system
magnetometer	measuring instrument
magnetometer	instrument
magnetometer	measuring device
magnetometer	device
magnetometer	meter
panthera pardus	carnivore
pardus	carnivore
panthera pardus	feline
pardus	feline
panthera pardus	big cat
pardus	cat
panthera pardus	cat
panthera pardus	felid
pardus	felid
panthera pardus	carnivory
pardus	carnivory
belfry	tower
belfry	constructed structure
belfry	structure
assignment	project
assignment	mention
assignment	task
assignment	homework
assignment	reference
assignment	selection
assignment	schoolwork
assignment	agreement
assignment	school assignment
assignment	acknowledgment
defeat	finish
defeat	failure
defeat	dissatisfaction
defeat	letdown
defeat	discontentedness
defeat	undesirable
defeat	ending
defeat	discontentment
defeat	conclusion
global warming	temperature change
global warming	natural action
warming	action
stripe	marking
stripe	fashion accessory
stripe	accessory
stripe	clothing
stripe	symbolisation
stripe	clothes
bartlett	plant
bartlett	green goods
bartlett	good
bartlett	pear
bartlett	edible fruit
bartlett	fruit
bartlett	woody plant
bartlett	flowering tree
bartlett	tree
bartlett	pear tree
grandee	nobleman
grandee	noble
grandee	patrician
grandee	boss
grandee	bos
grandee	person
grandee	chief
grandee	aristocrat
grandee	lord
grandee	leader
grandee	blue blood
grandee	blood
saprolite	stone
saprolite	rock
meningitis	inflammation
meningitis	disease
meningitis	sickness
meningitis	disorder
meningitis	illness
regulating	control
shtup	bodily process
shtup	process
shtup	sexual love
shtup	love
shtup	vaginal sex
shtup	sex
shtup	sexual act
shtup	act
shtup	coitus
shtup	sexual practice
shtup	practice
shtup	love life
shtup	life
shtup	making love
shtup	sexual relation
shtup	relation
shtup	shag
shtup	copulation
shtup	sex position
shtup	position
shtup	human sexual activity
shtup	activity
shtup	sexual activity
shtup	sexual penetration
shtup	penetration
shtup	sex activity
shtup	bodily function
shtup	function
shtup	sexual relations
shtup	sex act
shtup	sexual intercourse
shtup	intercourse
shtup	dicking
shtup	body process
shtup	lovemaking
shtup	sexual congress
shtup	congress
field hospital	military hospital
field hospital	medical facility
hospital	facility
field hospital	health facility
field hospital	military medicine
hospital	medicine
field hospital	medical building
hospital	building
field hospital	healthcare facility
field hospital	hospital
docker	working man
docker	man
docker	workingman
docker	software program
docker	program
docker	system software
docker	software
docker	labourer
docker	operating system
docker	system
docker	computer program
docker	systems program
docker	computer programme
docker	programme
docker	laborer
docker	software package
docker	package
docker	workman
docker	systems software
docker	system program
docker	working person
docker	person
docker	computer software
endeavour	undertaking
toll road	motorway
road	motorway
toll road	way
road	way
toll road	route
road	route
toll road	transport infrastructure
road	infrastructure
toll road	main road
toll road	freeway
road	freeway
toll road	state highway
road	highway
toll road	physical system
road	system
toll road	superhighway
road	superhighway
toll road	controlled-access highway
toll road	expressway
road	expressway
internet	computing device
internet	device
internet	data processor
internet	processor
internet	information processing system
internet	system
internet	communications system
internet	software component
internet	component
internet	software program
internet	program
internet	telecom system
internet	telecom equipment
internet	equipment
internet	computer
internet	server system
internet	telecommunication system
internet	software engineering
internet	engineering
internet	connexion
internet	electronic computer
internet	electronic network
internet	network
internet	computer programme
internet	programme
internet	code
internet	interconnection
internet	computer code
internet	service
internet	software package
internet	package
internet	network host
internet	host
internet	computer network
internet	coding system
internet	server
internet	computer networking
internet	networking
internet	software
internet	connection
internet	technics
internet	communication equipment
internet	telecommunication equipment
internet	net
internet	information network
internet	communication system
internet	computing machine
internet	machine
internet	computer software
prince	person
prince	chief
prince	leader
prince	constituent
prince	title
timber	durable good
timber	habitat
timber	structural member
timber	member
timber	home ground
timber	ground
timber	single-valued function
timber	function
timber	forrest
timber	raw material
timber	material
timber	architectural element
timber	element
timber	biosystem
timber	durable goods
timber	good
timber	surroundings
timber	support
timber	surround
timber	microenvironment
timber	environment
timber	microhabitat
timber	wood
timber	forest
timber	structural element
timber	building material
timber	scheme
timber	durables
wage	spending
wage	regular payment
wage	payment
wage	cost
wage	expenditure
state of nature	schoolbook
state	schoolbook
state of nature	technical specification
state	specification
state of nature	term logic
state	logic
state of nature	system of rules
state	system
state of nature	text
state	text
state of nature	school text
state of nature	system of logic
state of nature	specifications
state of nature	state
state of nature	written document
state	document
state of nature	way
state	way
state of nature	logic
state of nature	aristotelian logic
state of nature	method
state	method
state of nature	logical system
carat	weight unit
carat	unit
galoshes	overshoe
galosh	overshoe
galoshes	footgear
galosh	footgear
galoshes	footwear
galosh	footwear
galoshes	shoe
galosh	shoe
parents	relative
parent	relative
parents	antecedent
parent	antecedent
parents	person
parent	person
parents	forefather
parent	forefather
parents	progenitor
parent	progenitor
parents	ancestor
parent	ancestor
parents	genitor
parent	genitor
schoolwork	project
schoolwork	undertaking
schoolwork	task
schoolwork	assignment
unloading	manual labour
unloading	labour
unloading	handling
unloading	job market
unloading	market
unloading	labour economics
unloading	economics
unloading	labour market
unloading	employment market
unloading	manual labor
unloading	labor
unloading	toil
unloading	labor market
steppe	environs
steppe	home ground
steppe	ground
steppe	plain
steppe	surround
steppe	environment
steppe	environment variable
steppe	variable
complaint	objection
complaint	cry
complaint	vocalization
complaint	pleading
complaint	yell
complaint	utterance
science journalism	medium
journalism	medium
science journalism	periodical publication
journalism	publication
science journalism	enquiry
journalism	enquiry
science journalism	transmission channel
journalism	channel
science journalism	storage medium
science journalism	journalism
science journalism	research
journalism	research
science journalism	periodical literature
journalism	literature
science journalism	investigation
journalism	investigation
science journalism	inquiry
journalism	inquiry
science journalism	piece of work
journalism	piece
science journalism	periodical
journalism	periodical
science journalism	investigating
journalism	investigating
science journalism	communication medium
science journalism	channel
mischance	function
mischance	fortuna
mischance	misfortune
mischance	fortune
mischance	bad luck
mischance	luck
mischance	trouble
mayweed	tracheophyte
mayweed	flower
mayweed	plant
precipitation	phenomenon
precipitation	weather
precipitation	drop
precipitation	fluid
precipitation	pace
precipitation	h2o
precipitation	magnitude
precipitation	atmospheric phenomenon
precipitation	atmospheric condition
precipitation	condition
precipitation	variable
precipitation	physical phenomenon
precipitation	weather condition
precipitation	natural phenomenon
precipitation	natural action
precipitation	action
precipitation	movement
puffing	breathing
puffing	sickness
puffing	reaction mixture
puffing	mixture
puffing	breathe out
puffing	breathe
puffing	cigarette
puffing	illness
puffing	chemical action
puffing	action
puffing	smoking
puffing	chemical change
puffing	change
puffing	nonsmoker
puffing	breathing out
puffing	respiration
puffing	external respiration
puffing	non-smoker
puffing	disease
puffing	body process
puffing	process
puffing	breath
puffing	ventilation
puffing	exhalation
puffing	expiration
puffing	smoke
puffing	exhale
puffing	disorder
signal	function
signal	electrical energy
signal	energy
signal	algebra
signal	electric energy
signal	psychic energy
signal	binary relation
signal	relation
signal	free energy
signal	magnitude
signal	mental energy
signal	electricity
signal	portraying
signal	physical phenomenon
signal	phenomenon
signal	forms of energy
signal	form
signal	incitation
aridity	specifications
aridity	specification
aridity	climatology
aridity	technical specification
lousiness	distastefulness
lousiness	unpleasantness
lousiness	fullness
terminology	investigating
terminology	investigation
terminology	research
clipping	decrease
clipping	reduction
clipping	extract
clipping	lessening
ecology	environment
penal colony	city
colony	city
penal colony	penal facility
colony	facility
penal colony	penal institution
colony	institution
breechcloth	clothing
breechcloth	clothes
sight	picture
sight	perception
sight	moving picture
sight	sense modality
sight	modality
sight	picture show
sight	show
sight	season
sight	sensitivity
sight	sensation
sight	video recording
sight	video
sight	engineering
sight	television show
sight	moving-picture show
sight	visual image
sight	image
sight	sensory faculty
sight	faculty
sight	serial
sight	looking at
sight	film
sight	visual percept
sight	percept
sight	work of art
sight	work
sight	sentiency
sight	tv program
sight	program
sight	look
sight	stimulus
sight	perceptual experience
sight	experience
sight	television program
sight	looking
sight	engineering physics
sight	physic
sight	tv show
sight	sensory system
sight	system
sight	tv series
sight	series
sight	motion picture
sight	view
sight	sensing
sight	five senses
sight	sens
sight	perspective
riel	monetary unit
riel	unit
integration	mathematical operation
integration	operation
integration	thought process
integration	process
integration	problem solving
integration	problem
integration	mathematical process
religion	social function
religion	function
religion	scheme
religion	social event
religion	event
religion	social occasion
religion	occasion
religion	religious ceremony
religion	ceremony
religion	spiritism
religion	group event
religion	figure of speech
religion	figure
religion	rhetorical device
religion	device
religion	religious ritual
innovation	mechanical assembly
innovation	assembly
innovation	mechanism
developmental disability	malady
disability	malady
developmental disability	illness
disability	illness
developmental disability	sickness
disability	sickness
developmental disability	pathological state
disability	state
developmental disability	disease
disability	disease
developmental disability	disorder
disability	disorder
intersection	freeway
intersection	junction
intersection	constructed structure
intersection	structure
intersection	thoroughfare
intersection	route
intersection	motorway
intersection	throughway
intersection	state highway
intersection	highway
intersection	physical system
intersection	system
intersection	superhighway
intersection	turnpike
intersection	controlled-access highway
intersection	expressway
studbook	point of reference
studbook	point
studbook	written account
studbook	account
studbook	register
studbook	written record
studbook	record
studbook	evidence
studbook	animal husbandry
studbook	husbandry
studbook	indication
studbook	scientific evidence
studbook	indicant
studbook	registry
patient	person
patient	diseased person
patient	sufferer
patient	sick person
witchery	black magic
witchery	magic
witchery	thaumaturgy
witchery	necromancy
witchery	enchantment
witchery	spell
witchery	sorcery
witchery	supernaturalism
witchery	black art
witchery	art
witchery	black magick
witchery	magick
blacktopping	paving material
blacktopping	material
blacktopping	paving
perpendicular	technical specification
perpendicular	specification
perpendicular	area of mathematics
perpendicular	area
perpendicular	pure mathematics
perpendicular	mathematics
perpendicular	architectural style
perpendicular	style
perpendicular	category
perpendicular	database
perpendicular	geometry
perpendicular	straight line
perpendicular	line
perpendicular	social control
perpendicular	control
perpendicular	architecture
perpendicular	style of architecture
perpendicular	type of architecture
perpendicular	type
lyceum	school
lyceum	observance
lyceum	constructed structure
lyceum	structure
lyceum	ceremonial
lyceum	university
lyceum	group event
lyceum	event
lyceum	educational institution
lyceum	institution
lyceum	public building
lyceum	building
lyceum	hall
bastinado	righteousness
bastinado	torture
bastinado	maltreatment
bastinado	mistreatment
bastinado	corporal punishment
bastinado	punishment
bastinado	physical punishment
bastinado	bludgeon
bastinado	penalisation
bastinado	penalty
bastinado	person
bastinado	penalization
bastinado	truncheon
bastinado	torturing
lava dome	mound
dome	mound
lava dome	protrusion
dome	protrusion
lava dome	bulge
dome	bulge
spondee	poetic rhythm
spondee	rhythm
spondee	unit of time
spondee	unit
spondee	cadence
spondee	rhythmic pattern
spondee	pattern
spondee	musical rhythm
spondee	beat level
spondee	level
spondee	meter
spondee	musical time
spondee	time
wildlife	life
certificate	written document
certificate	document
certificate	assets
certificate	asset
chrysoberyl	stone
chrysoberyl	oxide mineral
chrysoberyl	mineral
chrysoberyl	precious stone
chrysoberyl	crystal
chrysoberyl	pebble
chrysoberyl	gemstone
chrysoberyl	gem
sprain	accidental injury
sprain	injury
sprain	pull
sprain	damage
sprain	twist
sprain	bad luck
sprain	luck
militia	paramilitary
militia	military force
militia	force
militia	paramilitary unit
militia	unit
militia	military group
militia	group
militia	paramilitary organization
militia	organization
militia	paramilitary force
militia	military unit
militia	paramilitary organisation
militia	organisation
militia	military organization
octillion	natural number
octillion	number
octillion	definite quantity
octillion	quantity
octillion	counting number
octillion	large integer
octillion	integer
octillion	natural numbers
octillion	whole number
still-life	work of art
still-life	work
still-life	painting
still-life	genre of painting
still-life	genre
still-life	method
cutoff	infrastructure
cutoff	superhighway
cutoff	constructed structure
cutoff	structure
cutoff	transport infrastructure
cutoff	motorway
cutoff	base
cutoff	controlled-access highway
cutoff	highway
cutoff	limitation
cutoff	route
cutoff	freeway
cutoff	limit
cutoff	way
harasser	disagreeable person
harasser	person
harasser	attacker
harasser	wrongdoer
harasser	persona non grata
harasser	grata
harasser	aggressor
harasser	bad person
parceling	distribution
technophobia	fearfulness
technophobia	fear
technophobia	dislike
technophobia	revulsion
technophobia	detestation
jockey	picture
jockey	person
jockey	figure
jockey	horseback rider
jockey	rider
jockey	photo
jockey	figure painting
jockey	painting
jockey	horseman
junkware	software
junkware	computer code
junkware	code
junkware	software package
junkware	package
junkware	software program
junkware	program
junkware	coding system
junkware	system
junkware	computer program
junkware	computer programme
junkware	programme
junkware	written communication
junkware	communication
junkware	computer software
spam	category
spam	abstract object
spam	object
spam	service
spam	software package
spam	package
spam	transmission
spam	set theory
spam	theory
spam	middleware
spam	network service
spam	transmitter
spam	e-mail
spam	proper subset
spam	subset
spam	electronic mail
spam	mail
spam	electronic communication
spam	communication
spam	software
spam	pure mathematics
spam	mathematics
spam	computer software
full-duplex	communication equipment
full-duplex	equipment
full-duplex	communications system
full-duplex	system
full-duplex	communication system
full-duplex	telecom system
full-duplex	telecom equipment
full-duplex	connection
full-duplex	interconnection
full-duplex	telecommunication equipment
full-duplex	connexion
full-duplex	telecommunication system
palomino	wild horse
palomino	horse
palomino	horsie
palomino	race
palomino	hoofed mammal
palomino	mammal
fishmeal	feed
fishmeal	plant food
fishmeal	food
fishmeal	organic fertiliser
fishmeal	fertiliser
fishmeal	chemical fertiliser
fishmeal	fertilizer
fishmeal	organic food
revetment	barrier
revetment	facing
revetment	obstruction
revetment	siding
revetment	protection
revetment	protective covering
revetment	covering
revetment	obstructor
mycelium	plant structure
mycelium	structure
mycelium	plant part
mycelium	part
vehicle	means of transportation
vehicle	mean
vehicle	medium
vehicle	transportation
vehicle	transmission
vehicle	travel
vehicle	move
vehicle	passenger transport
vehicle	transport
vehicle	mechanism
vehicle	motion
vehicle	means of transport
vehicle	mechanical assembly
vehicle	assembly
vehicle	traveling
vehicle	mode of transport
vehicle	mode
vehicle	travelling
slump	decline
slump	decline in quality
slump	decrease
slump	technical specification
slump	specification
slump	decrement
bowsprit	spar
bowsprit	pole
bowsprit	rod
delta	written language
delta	language
delta	cartography
delta	alluvion
delta	figure
delta	soil
delta	measurement
delta	sign
delta	shape
delta	equilateral triangle
delta	triangle
delta	programing language
delta	abstract object
delta	object
delta	contour
delta	graphic symbol
delta	symbol
delta	trilateral
delta	alphabetic character
delta	character
delta	polygon
delta	alphabet
delta	spatiality
delta	formal language
delta	listing
delta	written communication
delta	communication
delta	measuring
delta	database
delta	fundamentals
delta	fundamental
delta	conformation
delta	lithostratigraphic unit
delta	unit
delta	alluvial deposit
delta	deposit
delta	plane figure
delta	roman alphabet
delta	metrology
delta	polytope
delta	trigon
delta	type
delta	signal
delta	typeface
delta	list
delta	alluvial sediment
delta	sediment
delta	angularity
delta	polygonal shape
delta	substantial form
delta	form
delta	alluvium
pellicle	tegument
pellicle	skin
rejection	observable
spectroscope	scientific instrument
spectroscope	instrument
spectroscope	optical instrument
insignia	symbolization
insignia	symbolic representation
insignia	representation
insignia	emblem
insignia	symbolisation
insignia	representational process
insignia	process
sort	planned language
sort	language
sort	artificial language
sort	processing
sort	formal language
sort	data processing
sort	constructed language
sort	programming language
expedition	voyage
expedition	journey
expedition	journeying
expedition	campaign
expedition	difference of opinion
expedition	difference
expedition	temporal property
expedition	property
expedition	rapidity
accessibility	convenience
accessibility	suitability
accessibility	suitableness
coordinator	person
coordinator	arranger
coordinator	thinker
coordinator	organizer
coordinator	intellect
fosterling	person
fosterling	kid
fosterling	youngster
fosterling	minor
fosterling	child
organdy	muslin
organdy	textile
organdy	cloth
consigner	shipper
steeper	vessel
steeper	container
steeper	artifact
coder	person
coder	technologist
coder	applied scientist
coder	scientist
coder	computer user
coder	user
coder	engineer
immunologist	bookselling
immunologist	bookman
immunologist	medicine
immunologist	bookstore
immunologist	student
immunologist	biologist
immunologist	history of medicine
immunologist	history
immunologist	biomedical scientist
immunologist	scientist
immunologist	branch of science
immunologist	branch
immunologist	life science
immunologist	science
immunologist	medical specialty
immunologist	specialty
nag	disagreeable person
nag	person
nag	horse
nag	mammal
nag	animal
workhouse	lockup
workhouse	slammer
workhouse	penal institution
workhouse	institution
workhouse	gaol
workhouse	prison
workhouse	correctional institution
workhouse	clink
workhouse	poorhouse
prerogative	natural law
prerogative	law
prerogative	law of nature
prerogative	principle
invalid	person
invalid	diseased person
invalid	unfortunate
invalid	sick person
software suite	computer code
suite	code
software suite	computer software
suite	software
software suite	software package
suite	package
software suite	software program
suite	program
software suite	coding system
suite	system
software suite	code
software suite	computer program
software suite	computer programme
suite	programme
software suite	software
department	cardinal number
department	number
department	branch
department	aspect
department	government agency
department	agency
sorcerer	necromancy
sorcerer	spell
sorcerer	imaginary being
sorcerer	black art
sorcerer	art
sorcerer	imaginary creature
sorcerer	creature
sorcerer	black magick
sorcerer	magick
scleranthus	plant
ai	bodily process
ai	process
ai	biomolecule
ai	ductus
ai	intelligence
ai	salpinx
ai	passageway
ai	genital
ai	body process
ai	canal
ai	oviduct
ai	body structure
ai	structure
ai	sex organ
ai	organ
ai	passage
ai	sexual organ
ai	bodily structure
ai	ion channel
ai	channel
equitation	contest
relative humidity	magnitude
humidity	magnitude
relative humidity	dimensionless quantity
humidity	quantity
relative humidity	quantitative relation
humidity	relation
dragnet	police procedural
dragnet	police
dragnet	moving picture
dragnet	picture
dragnet	literary composition
dragnet	composition
dragnet	mesh
dragnet	television show
dragnet	show
dragnet	moving-picture show
dragnet	mystery story
dragnet	story
dragnet	crime novel
dragnet	novel
dragnet	tv program
dragnet	program
dragnet	network
dragnet	television series
dragnet	series
dragnet	meshwork
dragnet	computer network
dragnet	detective novel
dragnet	crime thriller
dragnet	thriller
dragnet	television program
dragnet	drama
dragnet	mystery novel
dragnet	tv show
dragnet	technics
dragnet	policier
dragnet	tv series
dragnet	video
dragnet	motion picture
dragnet	murder mystery
dragnet	mystery
dragnet	picture show
caldera	separation process
caldera	process
caldera	volcanic crater
caldera	crater
caldera	natural elevation
caldera	elevation
earphones	speaker system
earphone	system
earphones	electrical device
earphone	device
earphones	electronic component
earphone	component
pottery	locale
pottery	edifice
pottery	locus
pottery	public building
pottery	building
pottery	workshop
pottery	workplace
pottery	geographic point
pottery	point
restriction fragment	fragment
diffraction	function
diffraction	operator
diffraction	natural phenomenon
diffraction	phenomenon
arboriculture	agriculture
pigweed	leafy vegetable
pigweed	vegetable
pigweed	green goods
pigweed	good
pigweed	perennial
pigweed	herb
pigweed	amaranth
pigweed	leaf
pigweed	green
pigweed	goosefoot
pigweed	green vegetable
pigweed	plant part
pigweed	part
summit	specifications
summit	specification
summit	extremity
summit	primitive notion
summit	notion
summit	point of intersection
summit	point
enrollee	person
strange quark	quark
strange quark	high energy physics
quark	physic
strange quark	fundamental particle
quark	particle
strange quark	branch of science
quark	branch
strange quark	quark theory
quark	theory
strange quark	elementary particle
strange quark	superpartner
quark	superpartner
strange quark	molecular entity
quark	entity
strange quark	high-energy physics
gabardine	coverall
gabardine	fabric
gabardine	pant
gabardine	textile
gabardine	clothing
gabardine	clothes
wrestle	competitor
wrestle	contest
wrestle	athlete
wrestle	contact sport
wrestle	sport
wrestle	contestant
wrestle	olympic sport
wrestle	type of sport
wrestle	type
minors	olympic sport
minor	sport
minors	contest
minor	contest
minors	athlete
minor	athlete
minors	team sport
minors	social event
minor	event
minors	competition
minor	competition
minors	brotherhood
minor	brotherhood
minors	team
minor	team
minors	group event
minors	sport
minors	type of sport
minor	type
minors	tourney
minor	tourney
coda	pike
coda	musical composition
coda	composition
coda	end
coda	musical work
coda	work
coda	main road
coda	road
coda	ending
coda	freeway
coda	developed country
coda	country
commoner	person
bulkhead	obstruction
bulkhead	partition
bulkhead	barrier
groceries	marketplace
grocery	marketplace
groceries	merchandising
grocery	merchandising
groceries	global market
grocery	market
groceries	sales outlet
grocery	outlet
groceries	world market
groceries	street market
groceries	mart
grocery	mart
groceries	market place
grocery	place
groceries	retail store
grocery	store
groceries	market
groceries	outlet
mercer	trader
mercer	dealer
issuer	juridical personality
issuer	personality
issuer	legal person
issuer	person
issuer	artificial personality
gusset	plate
gusset	work of art
gusset	work
gusset	military force
gusset	force
gusset	proper class
gusset	class
gusset	cloth
gusset	calculation
gusset	piece of material
gusset	piece
gusset	armour
gusset	armor
gusset	arm
gusset	structural member
gusset	member
gusset	protection
gusset	protective cover
gusset	cover
gusset	computation
gusset	strengthener
gusset	body armor
gusset	support
nationalization	social control
nationalization	control
tricolour	picture
tricolour	figure
tricolour	map
tricolour	fault
tricolour	image
tricolour	portraiture
tricolour	flag
tricolour	drawing
tricolour	mistake
whoredom	anti-social behaviour
whoredom	behaviour
whoredom	criminal offense
whoredom	offense
whoredom	crime
whoredom	wrong
whoredom	law-breaking
whoredom	wrongful conduct
whoredom	conduct
whoredom	criminal offence
whoredom	offence
suite	picture
suite	flat
suite	data storage device
suite	device
suite	transmission channel
suite	channel
suite	housing
suite	pic
suite	social event
suite	event
suite	living accommodations
suite	accommodation
suite	business process
suite	process
suite	data-storage medium
suite	medium
suite	storage device
suite	storage medium
caddoan	ordering
caddoan	library science
caddoan	science
caddoan	ordination
caddoan	knowledge organization
caddoan	organization
wave	hair styling
wave	hair
wave	tone
wave	technical specification
wave	specification
wave	oscillation
wave	trend
wave	curve
wave	move
wave	hairstyle
wave	nonverbal communication
wave	communication
wave	energy unit
wave	unit
wave	shape
wave	growth
wave	physical phenomenon
wave	phenomenon
wave	emergence
wave	natural phenomenon
wave	hairdo
wave	form
wave	vibration
wave	outgrowth
wave	hair style
wave	style
wave	curved shape
wave	motion
wave	atmospheric phenomenon
wave	work unit
wave	movement
felicity	suitability
felicity	suitableness
statice	plant
statice	perennial
drinking	bodily function
drinking	function
drinking	bodily process
drinking	process
drinking	consumption
drinking	body process
light pollution	pollution
light pollution	environmental condition
light pollution	impurity
light pollution	environmental pollution
georgian era	period of time
era	period
shock	illness
shock	bodily process
shock	process
shock	disaster
shock	physical property
shock	property
shock	magnitude relation
shock	relation
shock	evidence
shock	reflex response
shock	response
shock	fighting
shock	quantitative relation
shock	physical phenomenon
shock	phenomenon
shock	prostration
shock	natural phenomenon
shock	acceleration
shock	ratio
shock	jeopardy
shock	astonishment
shock	collapse
shock	surprise
shock	inclination
shock	impact
shock	cumulation
shock	proclivity
shock	reaction
shock	impinging
shock	reason
shock	heap
shock	observable
shock	peril
shock	predisposition
shock	disorder
shock	proneness
shock	physiological reaction
shock	magnitude
shock	indication
shock	unconditioned reflex
shock	reflex
shock	dimensionless quantity
shock	quantity
grafting	affixation
stairway	way
stairway	stair
portraitist	person
portraitist	painter
liquid nitrogen	molecular entity
nitrogen	entity
liquid nitrogen	nitrogen
video	engineering science
video	science
video	medium
video	telecommunication
video	telecom
video	transmission channel
video	channel
video	storage medium
video	visual communication
video	communication
video	recording
video	business process
video	process
video	broadcasting
video	mass media
video	technology
video	communication medium
bell-bottoms	innerwear
bell-bottoms	pantie
bell-bottoms	clothing
bell-bottoms	panties
bell-bottoms	panty
bell-bottoms	pants
bell-bottoms	pant
click	sound
click	phone
click	mechanism
suzerainty	locale
suzerainty	signal
suzerainty	studio album
suzerainty	album
suzerainty	transmission
suzerainty	making
suzerainty	binary relation
suzerainty	relation
suzerainty	communication medium
suzerainty	medium
suzerainty	mapping
suzerainty	ascendance
suzerainty	mathematical relation
index	data structure
index	structure
index	computer file
index	file
index	written language
index	language
index	database
index	list
index	social norm
index	norm
index	arrangement
index	ordered series
index	series
index	data file
index	write-up
index	database management system
index	system
index	technical standard
index	standard
index	mathematical notation
index	notation
index	text file
index	written document
index	document
index	written communication
index	communication
sonogram	picture
sonogram	drawing
sonogram	figure
sonogram	fault
rotter	disagreeable person
rotter	person
rotter	unpleasant person
royalist	political organization
royalist	organization
royalist	political party
royalist	party
scrolling shooter	computer program
shooter	program
scrolling shooter	software program
scrolling shooter	pc game
shooter	game
scrolling shooter	computer game
scrolling shooter	moving picture
shooter	picture
scrolling shooter	action game
scrolling shooter	video game console
shooter	console
scrolling shooter	software application
shooter	application
scrolling shooter	app
shooter	app
scrolling shooter	electronic game
scrolling shooter	shooter game
scrolling shooter	video game genre
shooter	genre
scrolling shooter	picture show
shooter	show
scrolling shooter	game console
scrolling shooter	games console
scrolling shooter	motion picture
scrolling shooter	video game
scrolling shooter	shoot 'em up
shooter	shoot
scrolling shooter	videogaming
shooter	videogaming
scrolling shooter	computer programme
shooter	programme
microprocessor	semiconductor
microprocessor	silicon chip
microprocessor	chip
microprocessor	microprocessor chip
microprocessor	electronic equipment
microprocessor	equipment
microprocessor	micro chip
microprocessor	electronic circuit
microprocessor	circuit
microprocessor	circuitry
microprocessor	semiconductor device
microprocessor	device
microprocessor	microchip
microprocessor	processor
microprocessor	semiconductor unit
microprocessor	unit
capital	measuring
capital	city
capital	architectural element
capital	element
capital	metrology
capital	centre
capital	country
capital	measure
capital	work of art
capital	work
capital	depiction
capital	magnitude
capital	measurement
capital	depicting
capital	written symbol
capital	symbol
capital	graphic symbol
capital	center
bird	aeroplane
bird	animal tissue
bird	tissue
bird	yell
bird	aircraft
bird	female
bird	child
bird	mode of transport
bird	mode
bird	girlie
bird	means of transportation
bird	mean
bird	meat
bird	weapon system
bird	system
bird	motion
bird	fille
bird	animal
bird	projectile
bird	young lady
bird	lady
exercise	social function
exercise	function
exercise	task
exercise	schoolwork
exercise	group event
exercise	event
exercise	social occasion
exercise	occasion
exercise	homework
kingdom	sound system
kingdom	system
kingdom	sound reproduction
kingdom	reproduction
kingdom	data storage device
kingdom	device
kingdom	replication
kingdom	sound recording
kingdom	sound
kingdom	medium
kingdom	communication medium
kingdom	album
kingdom	work of art
kingdom	work
kingdom	audio system
kingdom	signal
kingdom	record album
kingdom	recording
kingdom	data-storage medium
kingdom	transmission channel
kingdom	channel
brassica napus	mustard plant
napu	plant
brassica napus	oilseed
napu	oilseed
praise	worshipping
praise	worship
degree	temperature unit
degree	unit
degree	written document
degree	document
degree	technical specification
degree	specification
copper oxide	oxide
copper oxide	metal oxide
teleportation	transfer
teleportation	movement
teleportation	transportation
teleportation	transport
teleportation	transferral
bachelor	patrician
bachelor	person
bachelor	chief
bachelor	leader
green	stone
green	precious stone
green	jade
green	spectral color
green	color
green	silicate mineral
green	mineral
green	crystal
green	primary color
green	primary colour
green	colour
green	spectral colour
green	gem
slut	album
slut	debauchee
slut	libertine
slut	musical work
slut	work
slut	sloven
slut	record album
slut	pig
slut	slob
slut	studio album
slut	audio signal
slut	signal
slut	fornicator
haulier	person
haulier	contractor
convert	person
swashbuckler	person
swashbuckler	fictitious character
swashbuckler	character
swashbuckler	venturer
swashbuckler	adventurer
swashbuckler	fictional character
swashbuckler	cartoon character
casino	tabletop game
casino	game
casino	business establishment
casino	establishment
casino	card game
casino	gambling den
casino	den
casino	gambling house
casino	house
casino	gaming house
derby	hat
bookkeeping	accounting
bookkeeping	accountancy
chai tea	liquid state
tea	state
chai tea	drinkable
tea	drinkable
chai tea	fluid
tea	fluid
chai tea	drink
tea	drink
chai tea	beverage
tea	beverage
halfpenny	note
halfpenny	metal money
halfpenny	money
halfpenny	coinage
halfpenny	coin
crumpet	concoction
crumpet	food product
crumpet	product
crumpet	foodstuff
crumpet	pastry
crumpet	dessert
crumpet	sweet
crumpet	pastry dough
crumpet	dough
cotton candy	confectionery
candy	confectionery
cotton candy	flavoring
candy	flavoring
cotton candy	flavouring
candy	flavouring
cotton candy	sweet
candy	sweet
cotton candy	refined sugar
candy	sugar
cotton candy	sugars
cotton candy	delicacy
candy	delicacy
cotton candy	candy
cotton candy	sugar
cotton candy	sweets
cotton candy	treat
candy	treat
cotton candy	goody
candy	goody
cotton candy	business process
candy	process
cotton candy	confection
candy	confection
ensign	paygrade
ensign	figure
ensign	military rank
ensign	rank
ensign	symbolisation
ensign	flag
ensign	commissioned officer
ensign	officer
vulcanite	rubber
vulcanite	mixture
vulcanite	construction aggregate
vulcanite	aggregate
webmail	website
webmail	electronic media
webmail	medium
webmail	code
webmail	webpage
webmail	storage medium
webmail	software program
webmail	program
webmail	web app
webmail	app
webmail	application program
webmail	site
webmail	applications programme
webmail	application
webmail	web site
webmail	email reader
webmail	reader
webmail	internet site
webmail	textfile
webmail	communication medium
webmail	mail user agent
webmail	agent
webmail	email client
webmail	client
webmail	software package
webmail	package
webmail	transmission channel
webmail	channel
webmail	web application
webmail	data-storage medium
webmail	electronic computer
webmail	computer
webmail	web page
webmail	page
webmail	software
links	cartography
link	cartography
links	sports venue
link	venue
links	links course
link	course
links	facility
link	facility
links	golf course
links	installation art
link	art
mestranol	bodily fluid
mestranol	fluid
mestranol	hormone
mestranol	estrogen
mestranol	steroid
mestranol	sex steroid
mestranol	sex hormone
mestranol	steroid hormone
crab	venereal disease
crab	disease
crab	illness
crab	marine animal
crab	animal
crab	marine ecology
crab	ecology
crab	decapod crustacean
crab	crustacean
crab	sea creature
crab	creature
crab	venereal infection
crab	infection
crab	crustacea
crab	grump
crab	crank
crab	contagious disease
crab	sea animal
crab	marine creature
crab	sealife
crab	marine biology
crab	biology
crab	shellfish
crab	decapod
crab	shell fish
crab	fish
crab	sickness
crab	grouch
crab	seafood
baba	stock character
baba	character
baba	person
baba	female person
charcoal	picture
charcoal	graphic
charcoal	gray
charcoal	greyness
charcoal	illustration
charcoal	portraiture
charcoal	carbonaceous
charcoal	grayness
charcoal	carbon
charcoal	writing implement
charcoal	implement
charcoal	drawing
bonemeal	organic
bonemeal	fertiliser
bonemeal	organic fertiliser
bonemeal	chemical fertilizer
bonemeal	fertilizer
bonemeal	organic fertilizer
bonemeal	organic food
bonemeal	food
hypertext markup language	computer code
language	code
hypertext markup language	code
hypertext markup language	computer
language	computer
hypertext markup language	language
hypertext markup language	computer language
hypertext markup language	markup language
hypertext markup language	string
language	string
visibility	clarity
visibility	clearness
time-ball	ball
time-ball	form
time-ball	globe
time-ball	sphere
time-ball	shape
time-ball	geometric shape
time-ball	round shape
time-ball	spheroid
time-ball	orb
charity	foundation
charity	sharing
charity	christian
charity	gift
charity	not-for-profit
charity	thought process
charity	process
charity	giving
charity	disposal
charity	share-out
charity	mentation
charity	benevolence
charity	nonprofit organization
charity	organization
charity	scheme
charity	social control
charity	control
charity	stimulus
charity	nonprofit
charity	kindness
charity	group event
charity	event
charity	concern
customer	person
customer	consumer
customer	user
village hall	public building
hall	building
village hall	town hall
village hall	constructed structure
hall	structure
filial piety	moral philosophy
piety	philosophy
filial piety	philosophy
filial piety	ideal
piety	ideal
filial piety	virtue
piety	virtue
filial piety	chastity
piety	chastity
proof	point of reference
proof	point
proof	picture
proof	photograph
proof	uncovering
proof	photo
proof	pic
proof	grounds
proof	ground
proof	evidence
proof	photographic print
proof	print
proof	determination
proof	piece of work
proof	piece
proof	indication
proof	discovery
proof	photographic printing
proof	printing
proof	exposure
feebleness	malady
feebleness	illness
feebleness	predisposition
feebleness	sickness
feebleness	weakness
feebleness	unfitness
feebleness	pathological state
feebleness	state
feebleness	disease
feebleness	clinical symptom
feebleness	symptom
feebleness	softness
feebleness	disorder
teamster	operator
teamster	worker
teamster	driver
teamster	motorist
teamster	person
animosity	offence
animosity	hatred
animosity	rebuff
volcanology	branch of science
volcanology	branch
volcanology	geophysical science
volcanology	science
bend	map
bend	technical specification
bend	specification
bend	form
bend	curve
bend	curved shape
bend	shape
bend	angular shape
bend	abstract object
bend	object
bend	motion
bend	movement
serial	periodical
serial	show
serial	periodical literature
serial	literature
serial	series
serial	broadcast
serial	mass medium
serial	medium
serial	mass media
serial	channel
lysine	essential amino acid
lysine	acid
lysine	amino acid
malware	software
malware	computer code
malware	code
malware	software package
malware	package
malware	software program
malware	program
malware	computer program
malware	computer software
malware	computer programme
malware	programme
wood nymph	nymph
poetry	library science
poetry	science
market research	enquiry
research	enquiry
market research	investigating
research	investigating
market research	investigation
research	investigation
market research	inquiry
research	inquiry
market research	research
grosgrain	textile
grosgrain	cloth
grosgrain	fabric
radical feminism	perspective
feminism	perspective
tension	nervousness
tension	stress
tension	mental strain
tension	strain
tension	phenomenon
tension	mechanical stress
tension	stretching
tension	hostility
tension	physical property
tension	property
tension	expansion
tension	difficulty
tension	nerves
tension	nerve
tension	physical phenomenon
tension	nervous strain
administrator	superordinate
administrator	person
administrator	supervisor
administrator	leader
administrator	boss
administrator	bos
doodlebug	animal
doodlebug	larva
doodlebug	passenger transport
doodlebug	transport
doodlebug	crustacea
doodlebug	crustacean
doodlebug	isopod
doodlebug	conveyance
doodlebug	aeroplane
doodlebug	vehicle
doodlebug	airplane
doodlebug	movement
power point	component
point	component
crosswind	current of air
crosswind	weather
crosswind	atmospheric phenomenon
crosswind	phenomenon
crosswind	atmospheric condition
crosswind	condition
crosswind	air current
crosswind	air
crosswind	physical phenomenon
crosswind	weather condition
crosswind	natural phenomenon
crosswind	wind
wakashan	ordinary language
wakashan	language
wakashan	human language
wakashan	american indian
wakashan	north american indian
wakashan	indian
wakashan	population group
wakashan	group
wakashan	native americans
wakashan	american
wakashan	person
wakashan	indigenous peoples
wakashan	people
wakashan	primitive person
wakashan	philosophy of language
wakashan	philosophy
wakashan	native american
wakashan	natural language
collection	storage medium
collection	medium
collection	storage
collection	data-storage medium
terrier	canid
terrier	carnivore
terrier	domestic dog
terrier	dog
terrier	canis familiaris
terrier	familiaris
terrier	dog type
terrier	type
terrier	domestic animal
terrier	animal
terrier	dogness
terrier	canine
terrier	domesticated animal
terrier	carnivory
psychedelic	psychoactive drug
psychedelic	drug
kingbird	tyrant flycatcher
kingbird	flycatcher
kingbird	bird
kingbird	animal
light	electromagnetic wave
light	wave
light	life
light	phenomenon
light	visual property
light	property
light	insight
light	emission
light	sign
light	signaling
light	light fixture
light	fixture
light	natural phenomenon
light	visual aspect
light	aspect
light	electrical appliance
light	appliance
light	signal
light	visual signal
light	variable quantity
light	quantity
light	release
light	natural process
light	process
light	source of illumination
light	source
cutlery	tableware
cutlery	implement
vibe	atmosphere
vibe	popular music
vibe	music
vibe	dance band
vibe	band
vibe	popular music genre
vibe	genre
vibe	rock band
vibe	music genre
vibe	african-american music
vibe	musical style
vibe	style
vibe	dance orchestra
vibe	orchestra
vibe	black music
sub-interval	area of mathematics
sub-interval	area
catholic	religious person
catholic	person
catholic	christian
banyan	plant
banyan	fig tree
banyan	fig
banyan	clothes
workingman	employee
workingman	person
workingman	worker
insight	knowing
insight	intuition
insight	perception
insight	sensitivity
insight	understanding
insight	sensibility
insight	sensitiveness
tetramethylammonium hydroxide	quaternary ammonium
hydroxide	ammonium
tetramethylammonium hydroxide	quaternary ammonium compound
hydroxide	compound
negation	averment
negation	disaffirmation
negation	denial
marketing research	investigating
marketing research	investigation
marketing research	inquiry
marketing research	research
quake	natural disaster
quake	disaster
quake	danger
quake	hazard
quake	endangerment
quake	calamity
quake	natural phenomenon
quake	phenomenon
quake	tragedy
quake	geological phenomenon
quake	risk
sucralfate	pharmaceutical drug
sucralfate	drug
sucralfate	medicine
sucralfate	medicinal drug
brittle	sweetshop
brittle	confectionery
brittle	confectionary
brittle	sweet
brittle	confection
brittle	candy
brittle	confect
brittle	sweets
brittle	treat
brittle	boutique
brittle	candy store
brittle	store
glen	locale
glen	valley
glen	natural depression
glen	depression
corneum	layer
corneum	stratum
decal	transfer paper
decal	paper
decaf	coffee plant
decaf	plant
decaf	coffee
decaf	drinkable
decaf	regular coffee
decaf	cup of joe
decaf	cup
executive vice president	corporate executive
president	executive
executive vice president	administrator
president	administrator
executive vice president	title of respect
president	title
executive vice president	vice president
executive vice president	business executive
executive vice president	executive
executive vice president	boss
president	bos
executive vice president	vp
president	vp
executive vice president	chief
president	chief
executive vice president	executive director
president	director
executive vice president	v.p.
president	v.p.
executive vice president	decision maker
president	maker
executive vice president	honorific
president	honorific
executive vice president	corporate title
executive vice president	senior management
president	management
executive vice president	leader
president	leader
extramarital sex	love
sex	love
extramarital sex	lovemaking
sex	lovemaking
extramarital sex	sex activity
sex	activity
extramarital sex	sexual love
extramarital sex	bodily function
sex	function
extramarital sex	sexual activity
extramarital sex	vaginal sex
extramarital sex	sexual act
sex	act
extramarital sex	sexual relations
sex	relation
extramarital sex	sexual intercourse
sex	intercourse
extramarital sex	human sexual activity
extramarital sex	sexual practice
sex	practice
extramarital sex	sexual penetration
sex	penetration
extramarital sex	intercourse
extramarital sex	dicking
sex	dicking
extramarital sex	sexual congress
sex	congress
extramarital sex	making love
extramarital sex	love life
sex	life
extramarital sex	sexual relation
extramarital sex	shag
sex	shag
extramarital sex	copulation
sex	copulation
extramarital sex	sex position
sex	position
extramarital sex	sex act
extramarital sex	shagging
sex	shagging
extramarital sex	movement
sex	movement
leopard cat	mammal
cat	mammal
leopard cat	cat
leopard cat	carnivory
cat	carnivory
leopard cat	animal
leopard cat	wildcat
cat	wildcat
cusp	convex shape
cusp	shape
cusp	calculation
cusp	figuring
cusp	dimensional analysis
cusp	analysis
cusp	peak
cusp	measure
twopence	coinage
twopence	bill
twopence	coin
twopence	write-up
twopence	written document
twopence	document
twopence	tender
twopence	textfile
dam	civil engineering construction
dam	construction
dam	constructed structure
dam	structure
dam	woman
dam	obstruction
dam	animal
dam	barrier
dam	civil engineering
dam	engineering
dam	impediment
dam	female animal
spell	reference book
spell	book
spell	medium
spell	communication medium
spell	language
prime minister	head of government
minister	head
prime minister	administrator
minister	administrator
prime minister	statesman
minister	statesman
prime minister	politician
minister	politician
prime minister	chief of state
minister	chief
prime minister	government minister
prime minister	title of respect
minister	title
prime minister	national leader
minister	leader
prime minister	boss
minister	bos
prime minister	person
minister	person
prime minister	chief
prime minister	political leader
prime minister	minister
prime minister	formulation
minister	formulation
prime minister	head of state
prime minister	senior management
minister	management
prime minister	leader
dike	civil engineering construction
dike	construction
dike	homosexual
dike	constructed structure
dike	structure
dike	transport infrastructure
dike	infrastructure
dike	main road
dike	road
dike	obstruction
dike	controlled-access highway
dike	highway
dike	obstructor
dike	gay
dike	barrier
dike	sexual orientation
dike	orientation
dike	civil engineering
dike	engineering
dike	sexuality
dike	impediment
dike	lesbianism
dike	embankment
dike	homophile
dike	mound
ultranationalism	political ideology
ultranationalism	ideology
ultranationalism	nationalism
ultranationalism	patriotism
ultranationalism	loyalty
ultranationalism	faithfulness
successor	progeny
successor	person
successor	offspring
successor	substitute
successor	descendants
successor	descendant
mods	generation
mod	generation
mods	contemporary
mod	contemporary
mods	youth culture
mod	culture
mods	youth subculture
mod	subculture
mods	contemporary history
mod	history
mods	contemporaries
risotto	dish
guard	duty
guard	maneuver
guard	protector
guard	guardian
guard	military group
guard	group
guard	grasp
guard	clench
guard	defender
guard	hold
guard	sport
guard	competitor
guard	lineman
guard	military force
guard	force
guard	clutch
guard	duty assignment
guard	assignment
guard	person
guard	role
guard	basketball player
guard	player
guard	grip
guard	military organization
guard	organization
guard	military unit
guard	unit
guard	tactical maneuver
guard	sportsperson
guard	cager
lepton	elementary particle
lepton	particle
lepton	molecular entity
lepton	entity
lepton	atom
mode	data point
mode	point
mode	phenomenon
mode	electrical device
mode	device
mode	specifications
mode	specification
mode	average
mode	electronic equipment
mode	equipment
mode	electronic circuit
mode	circuit
mode	technical specification
mode	natural phenomenon
mode	mean
chief research officer	corporate executive
officer	executive
chief research officer	administrator
officer	administrator
chief research officer	affix
officer	affix
chief research officer	business executive
chief research officer	executive
chief research officer	title of respect
officer	title
chief research officer	person
officer	person
chief research officer	executive director
officer	director
chief research officer	constituent
officer	constituent
chief research officer	decision maker
officer	maker
chief research officer	senior management
officer	management
tubing	equipment
tubing	shape
tubing	plane figure
tubing	figure
tubing	cylinder
tubing	passage
malfeasance	wrongful conduct
malfeasance	conduct
malfeasance	misconduct
malfeasance	wrongdoing
pleurisy	sickness
pleurisy	pathological state
pleurisy	state
pleurisy	disease
pleurisy	respiratory disease
pleurisy	reason
pleurisy	indication
pleurisy	inflammatory disease
pleurisy	clinical symptom
pleurisy	symptom
purslane	herb
purslane	plant
purslane	herbaceous plant
purslane	aromatic plant
flip-flops	footwear
flip-flop	footwear
flip-flops	sandal
flip-flop	sandal
flip-flops	footgear
flip-flop	footgear
flip-flops	shoe
flip-flop	shoe
frequence	dimensionless quantity
frequence	quantity
frequence	rate
frequence	ratio
avulsion	separation
triskelion	picture
triskelion	figure
triskelion	image
triskelion	artifact
triskelion	theme
triskelion	ikon
triskelion	drawing
triskelion	icon
collegian	person
collegian	enrollee
collegian	student
collegian	pupil
civil union	marital status
union	status
civil union	unmarried
union	unmarried
civil union	legal status
civil union	state
union	state
agriculture	economic sector
agriculture	sector
agriculture	cultivation
witness	story
witness	observer
witness	show
witness	beholder
witness	evidence
witness	person
witness	perceiver
witness	film
city state	city
state	city
barley	breakfast cereal
barley	cereal
barley	plant
barley	food grain
barley	grain
barley	tracheophyte
barley	cereal grass
barley	grass
barley	food product
barley	product
barley	foodstuff
barley	seed
barley	herbaceous plant
grits	hot cereal
grit	cereal
grits	cereal
grits	breakfast food
grit	food
czar	king
czar	title
czar	title of respect
czar	person
czar	dictator
czar	monarch
philia	affect
faulting	harm
faulting	form
faulting	hurt
faulting	fracture
faulting	crack
faulting	cleft
faulting	injury
faulting	rupture
back porch	partition
porch	partition
back porch	porch
allies	political organization
ally	organization
allies	coalition government
ally	government
allies	social control
ally	control
allies	coalition
ally	coalition
allies	governing
ally	governing
allies	political organisation
ally	organisation
allies	committee
ally	committee
allies	gov
ally	gov
mortar	ordnance
mortar	military branch
mortar	branch
mortar	military service
mortar	service
mortar	weapon
mortar	projectile
mortar	ranged weapon
mortar	military group
mortar	group
mortar	implements of war
mortar	implement
mortar	army unit
mortar	unit
mortar	weaponry
mortar	weapons system
mortar	system
mortar	weapon system
mortar	vessel
mortar	military
mortar	building material
mortar	material
mortar	heavy weapon
mortar	military unit
mortar	armed service
mortar	armed forces
mortar	force
route	cartography
route	transit
route	move
route	mapmaking
route	thruway
route	traveling
route	transport
route	public transport
route	travel
route	travelling
route	expressway
route	movement
route	map
route	infrastructure
route	transportation
route	transport infrastructure
route	passenger transport
route	mapping
route	main road
route	road
route	means of transport
route	mean
route	motion
route	transportation system
route	system
spile	stopper
spile	vertical
spile	structural member
spile	member
spile	support
spile	supporting structure
spile	structure
spile	architectural element
spile	element
spile	obstruction
spile	structural element
dhole	native species
dhole	specie
dhole	carnivore
dhole	canis familiaris
dhole	familiaris
dhole	indigenous species
dhole	dogness
dhole	dog
dhole	canine
dhole	indigenous
dhole	animal
dhole	stray dog
dhole	wild dog
dhole	carnivory
dhole	native
treasure map	map
student council	extracurricular activity
council	activity
student council	extracurricular
council	extracurricular
retail	possession
retail	selling
retail	vendor
retail	transferred property
retail	property
retail	sales representative
retail	sale
retail	specifications
retail	specification
retail	marketing
retail	worker
retail	sales
retail	salesclerk
retail	salesperson
retail	employee
retail	vender
retail	seller
retail	salesman
retail	selling technique
retail	technique
tau neutrino	molecular entity
neutrino	entity
tau neutrino	subatomic particle
neutrino	particle
tau neutrino	particle
tau neutrino	elementary particle
proprioception	perception
proprioception	stimulus
proprioception	perceptible
proprioception	perceptual experience
proprioception	experience
proprioception	sensation
proprioception	percept
proprioception	sense
proprioception	sensory faculty
proprioception	faculty
proprioception	sensibility
proprioception	sensitiveness
proprioception	sensitivity
proprioception	five senses
proprioception	sens
horseman	horse
horseman	semblance
horseman	form
horseman	lover
horseman	horsie
horseman	solid figure
horseman	figure
horseman	person
horseman	race
horseman	three-dimensional figure
horseman	admirer
horseman	wild horse
horseman	equus
thermoregulation	fundamental measure
thermoregulation	measure
thermoregulation	temperature
thermoregulation	predisposition
thermoregulation	state
thermoregulation	variable
thermoregulation	state function
thermoregulation	function
thermoregulation	fundamental quantity
thermoregulation	quantity
thermoregulation	air temperature
thermoregulation	inclination
playlist	work of art
playlist	work
playlist	musical composition
playlist	composition
playlist	track
playlist	musical work
playlist	vocal
festival	function
festival	social function
festival	social event
festival	event
festival	social occasion
festival	occasion
festival	party
festival	group event
festival	festivity
festival	celebration
priority	exclusive right
priority	right
priority	rights
priority	specifications
priority	specification
priority	prerogative
priority	temporal order
priority	order
priority	high status
priority	status
priority	principle
priority	privilege
priority	timing
triumvirate	government
triumvirate	polity
triumvirate	triad
triumvirate	authorities
triumvirate	authority
triumvirate	threesome
triumvirate	trinity
triumvirate	regime
acquiescence	acceptance
acquiescence	agreement
sial	facies
sial	rock
baronet	form of address
baronet	form
baronet	title
baronet	title of respect
baronet	person
baronet	honorific
baronet	aristocrat
baronet	leader
baronet	blue blood
baronet	blood
iota	adjective
iota	measure
iota	measurement
iota	letter
iota	representational process
iota	process
hydrosphere	h2o
hydrosphere	layer
hydrosphere	fluid
shell	code
shell	protocol
shell	protection
shell	hull
shell	software program
shell	missile
shell	general anatomy
shell	anatomy
shell	vessel
shell	weaponry
shell	weapons system
shell	scale
shell	computer program
shell	interface
shell	sheath
shell	protective cover
shell	cover
shell	technology
shell	computer programme
shell	case
shell	architectural element
shell	element
shell	computer code
shell	protective covering
shell	covering
shell	housing
shell	coding system
shell	arms
shell	arm
shell	body covering
shell	body
shell	user interface
shell	racing boat
shell	boat
shell	husk
shell	projectile
shell	structural element
shell	weapon system
shell	ammunition
shell	ammo
shell	computer software
shell	software
quarry	excavation
quarry	animal
desiccation	drying
desiccation	dryness
rotunda	public building
rotunda	building
rotunda	edifice
rotunda	constructed structure
rotunda	structure
haloalkane	ion
haloalkane	atom
haloalkane	halon
haloalkane	crystal
photograph	picture
photograph	work of art
photograph	work
photograph	image
photograph	illustration
photograph	nonachievement
photograph	icon
warfare	disagreement
warfare	military action
warfare	action
warfare	difference of opinion
warfare	difference
smoothbore	engineering science
smoothbore	science
smoothbore	cylinder
smoothbore	gun barrel
smoothbore	barrel
smoothbore	engineering
smoothbore	small-arm
smoothbore	fire arm
smoothbore	arm
smoothbore	small arms
smoothbore	weapon
smoothbore	equipment
smoothbore	technology
smoothbore	tube
smoothbore	gun
smoothbore	firearm
smoothbore	shape
smoothbore	engineering physics
smoothbore	physic
smoothbore	geometric shape
smoothbore	projectile
smoothbore	tubing
smoothbore	weapon system
smoothbore	system
smoothbore	ranged weapon
quietness	calmness
quietness	quiet
quietness	silence
frogmouth	bird
frogmouth	animal
yaupon holly	woody plant
yaupon	plant
yaupon holly	plant
sculpture	work of art
sculpture	work
sculpture	figure
sculpture	fine arts
sculpture	art
sculpture	visual art
sculpture	abstract object
sculpture	object
sculpture	shape
sculpture	solid figure
serfdom	subjection
serfdom	bond servant
serfdom	servant
serfdom	thralldom
serfdom	bondage
serfdom	slavery
serfdom	slave labour
serfdom	labour
serfdom	thrall
serfdom	person
serfdom	state
serfdom	subjugation
serfdom	thraldom
serfdom	slave
serfdom	servitude
serfdom	legal status
serfdom	status
inclemency	weather condition
inclemency	condition
inclemency	weather
inclemency	atmospheric phenomenon
inclemency	phenomenon
inclemency	atmospheric condition
diffusor	optical device
diffusor	device
rf modulator	data processor
modulator	processor
rf modulator	microcomputer
modulator	microcomputer
rf modulator	mechanical assembly
modulator	assembly
rf modulator	hand-held computer
modulator	computer
rf modulator	electrical appliance
modulator	appliance
rf modulator	electronic computer
rf modulator	digital computer
rf modulator	mobile device
modulator	device
rf modulator	mechanism
modulator	mechanism
change-of-pace	delivery
change-of-pace	pitch
change-of-pace	throw
demonstration	social action
demonstration	action
demonstration	resistance
demonstration	show
demonstration	objection
demonstration	multimedia
demonstration	visual communication
demonstration	communication
demonstration	entertainment
demonstration	evidence
demonstration	argument
demonstration	experimentation
demonstration	protest
demonstration	experiment
demonstration	indication
demonstration	front
demonstration	social movement
demonstration	movement
demonstration	proof
interpellation	unicameral legislature
interpellation	legislature
interpellation	general assembly
interpellation	assembly
interpellation	national assembly
interpellation	legislative body
interpellation	body
interpellation	guideline
interpellation	delay
interpellation	legislative assembly
florin	coinage
florin	metal money
florin	money
florin	coin
florin	note of hand
florin	note
dalbergia melanoxylon	plant
melanoxylon	plant
admittance	entry
admittance	entrance
makeover	reparation
makeover	repair
makeover	fixing
makeover	fix
makeover	mending
makeover	beauty treatment
makeover	treatment
makeover	improvement
makeover	beautification
makeover	reconstruction
makeover	mend
tactic	plan of action
tactic	plan
sawmill	mill
sawmill	building complex
sawmill	complex
sawmill	hand tool
sawmill	tool
sawmill	constructed structure
sawmill	structure
tapis	textile
tapis	fabric
tapir	mammal
tapir	animal
multimeter	measuring system
multimeter	system
multimeter	measuring instrument
multimeter	instrument
multimeter	measuring device
multimeter	device
diathermy	aid
diathermy	tending
diathermy	care
diathermy	health care
diathermy	treatment
knight-errant	knight
knight-errant	person
device	picture
device	emblem
device	figure
device	map
device	fault
device	image
device	artifact
device	icon
highschool	function
highschool	school
highschool	middle school
highschool	constructed structure
highschool	structure
highschool	secondary school
highschool	junior high school
highschool	university
highschool	educational institution
highschool	institution
highschool	intermediate school
highschool	junior high
highschool	public building
highschool	building
highschool	academy
highschool	group event
highschool	event
paragonite	aggregate
paragonite	silicate
paragonite	silicate mineral
paragonite	mineral
short-term memory	remembering
memory	remembering
short-term memory	memory
cinnamomum	evergreen
cinnamomum	plant
cinnamomum	angiosperm
cinnamomum	evergreen plant
pipe	engineering science
pipe	science
pipe	cylinder
pipe	figure
pipe	shape
pipe	round shape
pipe	intersection
pipe	technology
pipe	plane section
pipe	section
pipe	form
pipe	tube
pipe	equipment
pipe	way
pipe	tubing
atmosphere	observable
atmosphere	phenomenon
atmosphere	magnitude relation
atmosphere	relation
atmosphere	music group
atmosphere	group
atmosphere	rock group
atmosphere	rock band
atmosphere	band
atmosphere	fluid
atmosphere	pressure
atmosphere	weather
atmosphere	atmospheric phenomenon
atmosphere	atmospheric condition
atmosphere	condition
atmosphere	quantitative relation
atmosphere	physical phenomenon
atmosphere	weather condition
atmosphere	musical organization
atmosphere	organization
baby tears	ground cover
tear	cover
baby tears	plant
tear	plant
baby tears	groundcover
tear	groundcover
poeciliopsis	reference
poeciliopsis	fish
poeciliopsis	binomial name
poeciliopsis	name
poeciliopsis	biological group
poeciliopsis	group
green roof	garden
roof	garden
green roof	topological space
roof	space
green roof	space
green roof	surface
roof	surface
green roof	parcel of land
roof	parcel
green roof	piece of land
roof	piece
green roof	roof
green roof	roof terrace
roof	terrace
green roof	piece of ground
unintelligibility	linguistics
unintelligibility	incomprehensibility
unintelligibility	bunk
unintelligibility	nonsense
unintelligibility	methodology
unintelligibility	hokum
unintelligibility	meaninglessness
podcast	electronic media
podcast	medium
podcast	transmission
podcast	transmission channel
podcast	channel
podcast	digital media
podcast	communication medium
winner	person
artemisia	plant
employee	person
employee	worker
city wall	defence
wall	defence
city wall	constructed structure
wall	structure
city wall	construction work
wall	work
city wall	fortification
wall	fortification
city wall	edifice
wall	edifice
city wall	defensive wall
city wall	wall
city wall	public building
wall	building
city wall	defense
wall	defense
city wall	defensive structure
antagonism	offense
antagonism	distaste
antagonism	rejection
antagonism	opposition
antagonism	silent treatment
antagonism	treatment
antagonism	hostility
antagonism	hindrance
antagonism	dislike
antagonism	offensive activity
antagonism	activity
antagonism	disgust
antagonism	aversion
antagonism	social rejection
antagonism	oppositeness
antagonism	hate
antagonism	hatred
antagonism	rebuff
photography	picturing
photography	pictorial representation
photography	representation
flirting	sexual practice
flirting	practice
flirting	love
flirting	body process
flirting	process
flirting	romp
flirting	sex act
flirting	act
flirting	bodily function
flirting	function
flirting	love life
flirting	life
flirting	sexual relation
flirting	relation
flirting	sexual activity
flirting	activity
flirting	lovemaking
flirting	sex activity
flirting	sexual act
flirting	bodily process
flirting	frolic
flirting	human sexual activity
overall	coverall
overall	clothing
overall	clothes
bear	capitalist
bear	person
bear	animal
bear	mammal
bear	investor
bear	carnivory
decentralisation	extension
decentralisation	spreading
decentralisation	expansion
decentralisation	increase
decentralisation	enlargement
decentralisation	spread
decentralisation	step-up
beam	electromagnetic wave
beam	wave
beam	radioactivity
beam	durable good
beam	consumer durables
beam	durables
beam	durable goods
beam	good
beam	breadth
beam	ionising radiation
beam	radiation
beam	energy
beam	gymnastic apparatus
beam	apparatus
beam	free energy
beam	surface
beam	side
beam	equipment
beam	scalar
beam	emission
beam	ionizing radiation
beam	representational process
beam	process
beam	physical phenomenon
beam	phenomenon
beam	signal
bean	plant
bean	vegetable
bean	legume
bean	tv
bean	veggie
bean	veg
bean	seed
bean	video
bean	leguminous plant
bean	applied science
bean	science
bean	telecasting
bean	climbing plant
bean	television
suer	complainant
magistrate	legal expert
magistrate	expert
magistrate	justice
magistrate	adjudicator
magistrate	jurisconsult
magistrate	person
magistrate	judge
magistrate	jurist
chips	work of art
chip	work
chips	potato
chip	potato
chips	white potato
chips	food product
chip	product
chips	pop
chip	pop
chips	veggie
chip	veggie
chips	irish potato
chips	veg
chip	veg
chips	foodstuff
chip	foodstuff
chips	fast food
chip	food
chips	tater
chip	tater
gray	emu
gray	wild horse
gray	horse
gray	subspecies
gray	equid
brain	anatomy
brain	body part
brain	part
brain	bodily structure
brain	structure
brain	organ
brain	animal tissue
brain	tissue
brain	intelligence
brain	organs
brain	variety meat
brain	meat
brain	structural biology
brain	biology
brain	intellect
differential	difference
differential	simple machine
differential	machine
differential	mechanical assembly
differential	assembly
differential	bevel gear
differential	gear
differential	binary relation
differential	relation
differential	measure
differential	abstract object
differential	object
differential	mathematical relation
rappel	move
rappel	descent
rappel	movement
grad	bookman
madam	woman
madam	businesswoman
madam	female person
madam	person
madam	adult female
madam	female
heartburn	malady
heartburn	illness
heartburn	proclivity
heartburn	predisposition
heartburn	sickness
heartburn	disease
heartburn	proneness
heartburn	clinical symptom
heartburn	symptom
heartburn	disorder
outfielder	baseball player
outfielder	player
outfielder	athlete
outfielder	person
outfielder	competitor
outfielder	sportsperson
outfielder	sportswoman
outfielder	contestant
outfielder	ballplayer
outfielder	fielder
outfielder	jock
dungeon	prison cell
dungeon	cell
dungeon	tower
dungeon	jail cell
dungeon	holding cell
excommunication	rejection
excommunication	proscription
excommunication	social rejection
excommunication	banishment
wire	finish
wire	finishing line
wire	line
wire	destination
wire	connective
wire	mark
wire	terminal
wire	attachment
wire	finish line
aerofoil	shape
aerofoil	technical specification
aerofoil	specification
heedfulness	introspection
heedfulness	attentiveness
heedfulness	reflection
heedfulness	consideration
heedfulness	rumination
heedfulness	thoughtfulness
viper	reptilian
viper	reptile
viper	animal
viper	serpent
viper	snake
vaporization	termination
vaporization	obliteration
vaporization	destruction
vaporization	transformation
vaporization	natural process
vaporization	process
song thrush	bird
thrush	bird
song thrush	animal
thrush	animal
nitrification	reaction
nitrification	chemical process
nitrification	process
nitrification	oxidation
nitrification	reaction mixture
nitrification	mixture
nitrification	chemical change
nitrification	change
nitrification	oxidization
nitrification	oxidisation
nitrification	chemical action
nitrification	action
nitrification	natural action
nitrification	natural process
electron microscopy	enquiry
microscopy	enquiry
electron microscopy	microscopy
electron microscopy	research
microscopy	research
electron microscopy	microscope
microscopy	microscope
electron microscopy	laboratory equipment
microscopy	equipment
electron microscopy	investigation
microscopy	investigation
electron microscopy	investigating
microscopy	investigating
electron microscopy	magnifier
microscopy	magnifier
electron microscopy	scientific instrument
microscopy	instrument
card index	file
card index	file cabinet
index	cabinet
card index	filing cabinet
card index	office furniture
index	furniture
stucco	plaster
stucco	mixture
stucco	building material
stucco	material
stucco	covering material
northeaster	phenomenon
northeaster	violent storm
northeaster	storm
northeaster	storm damage
northeaster	damage
northeaster	atmospheric phenomenon
northeaster	physical phenomenon
northeaster	natural phenomenon
northeaster	tempest
greensand	facies
greensand	dirt
greensand	soil
greensand	granular material
greensand	material
greensand	sandstone
greensand	sand
relevancy	connection
relevancy	connectedness
gerontocracy	political system
gerontocracy	system
gerontocracy	form of government
gerontocracy	form
passing	field game
passing	game
passing	decease
passing	bodily process
passing	process
passing	technical specification
passing	specification
passing	specifications
passing	ball game
passing	expiry
passing	bodily function
passing	function
passing	end
passing	olympic sport
passing	sport
passing	death
passing	last
passing	athlete
passing	plan of action
passing	plan
passing	arrangement
passing	ball player
passing	player
passing	ballgame
passing	outdoor game
passing	olympic sports
passing	athletic game
passing	track and field
passing	track
estimation	calculation
estimation	intellection
estimation	thinking
estimation	mentation
estimation	computation
estimation	thought process
estimation	process
leishmaniasis	protozoal infection
leishmaniasis	infection
leishmaniasis	protozoan infection
leishmaniasis	illness
leishmaniasis	contagion
leishmaniasis	disease
leishmaniasis	infectious disease
leishmaniasis	communicable diseases
outlander	ungulate
outlander	hoofed mammal
outlander	mammal
outlander	perissodactyl
outlander	traveller
outlander	traveler
outlander	equus
snowfall	observable
snowfall	phenomenon
snowfall	natural phenomenon
snowfall	atmospheric precipitation
snowfall	precipitation
snowfall	h2o
snowfall	weather
snowfall	atmospheric phenomenon
snowfall	atmospheric condition
snowfall	condition
snowfall	physical phenomenon
snowfall	weather condition
walk	vocation
walk	career
walk	travel
walk	move
walk	gait
walk	motion
walk	baseball
walk	traveling
walk	outdoor game
walk	game
walk	path
walk	travelling
walk	sport
walk	type of sport
walk	type
walk	track and field
walk	track
walk	movement
franchise	business model
franchise	model
franchise	team sport
franchise	sport
franchise	agreement
franchise	business organization
franchise	organization
franchise	sports league
franchise	league
franchise	voluntary association
franchise	association
franchise	business concern
franchise	concern
franchise	athletic conference
franchise	conference
franchise	contract
franchise	enterprise
franchise	business organisation
franchise	organisation
franchise	team
franchise	cite
escudo	monetary unit
escudo	unit
torsion	technical specification
torsion	specification
storyteller	liar
storyteller	beguiler
storyteller	utterer
storyteller	deceiver
storyteller	prevaricator
storyteller	person
storyteller	articulator
storyteller	speaker
storyteller	talker
storyteller	trickster
outflow	mechanics
outflow	mechanic
outflow	motion
outflow	fluid dynamics
outflow	dynamic
outflow	flowing
outflow	flow
outflow	outpouring
outflow	change of location
outflow	change
outflow	discharge
outflow	existence
outflow	dynamics
outflow	movement
outflow	fluid mechanics
outflow	natural process
outflow	process
poet	person
poet	writer
boar	swine
boar	pig
boar	hog
boar	mammal
boar	animal
monoclonal	protein
monoclonal	antibody
monoclonal	biomolecule
monoclonal	macromolecule
diversity	difference
diversity	dissimilarity
mugwump	political organization
mugwump	organization
mugwump	politician
mugwump	political organisation
mugwump	organisation
mugwump	political leader
mugwump	leader
mugwump	party
mugwump	political party
scallywag	small fry
scallywag	fry
scallywag	juvenile
scallywag	nipper
scallywag	chip
scallywag	tyke
scallywag	bad person
scallywag	person
scallywag	youngster
scallywag	child
scallywag	tike
scallywag	minor
graphics	graphic art
graphic	art
graphics	visual communication
graphic	communication
graphics	graphic arts
hydrogeology	first derivative
hydrogeology	measure
hydrogeology	specifications
hydrogeology	specification
hydrogeology	derivative
hydrogeology	mathematical function
hydrogeology	function
hydrogeology	fashioning
hydrogeology	making
school year	time period
year	period
school year	period of time
way out	social action
way	action
way out	computer software
way	software
way out	software package
way	package
way out	systems program
way	program
way out	prompt
way	prompt
way out	computer program
way out	opening
way	opening
way out	software
fots	installation
fots	communications system
fots	system
fots	communication system
fots	connection
fots	interconnection
fots	transmission medium
fots	medium
cypher	function
cypher	lexical class
cypher	class
cypher	digit
cypher	code
cypher	figure
cypher	written language
cypher	language
cypher	part of speech
cypher	part
cypher	software program
cypher	program
cypher	decimal digit
cypher	computer program
cypher	text file
cypher	file
cypher	ascii text file
cypher	computer programme
cypher	programme
cypher	integers
cypher	integer
cypher	computer code
cypher	algorithm
cypher	software package
cypher	package
cypher	lexical category
cypher	category
cypher	coding system
cypher	system
cypher	formula
cypher	written communication
cypher	communication
cypher	computer software
cypher	software
laser	optical device
laser	device
pension fund	financial organization
pension fund	money
pension fund	financial organisation
fund	organisation
pension fund	fund
pension fund	financial institution
fund	institution
pension fund	scheme
fund	scheme
pension fund	monetary fund
restaurant	service industry
restaurant	industry
restaurant	services
restaurant	service
restaurant	dishes
restaurant	dish
restaurant	table service
restaurant	foodservice
reminiscence	remembering
reminiscence	memory
rubbing alcohol	illness
alcohol	illness
rubbing alcohol	sickness
alcohol	sickness
rubbing alcohol	fluid
alcohol	fluid
rubbing alcohol	drug
alcohol	drug
rubbing alcohol	application
alcohol	application
rubbing alcohol	remedy
alcohol	remedy
rubbing alcohol	cure
alcohol	cure
rubbing alcohol	chemical phenomenon
alcohol	phenomenon
rubbing alcohol	curative
alcohol	curative
rubbing alcohol	pharmaceutical drug
rubbing alcohol	medicinal drug
rubbing alcohol	liquid state
alcohol	state
rubbing alcohol	liquidity
alcohol	liquidity
rubbing alcohol	therapeutic
alcohol	therapeutic
agar	tracheophyte
agar	chemical phenomenon
agar	phenomenon
agar	growth medium
agar	medium
country	differential coefficient
country	coefficient
country	map
country	popular music genre
country	genre
country	mapmaking
country	piece of music
country	piece
country	economics
country	library science
country	science
country	music genre
country	musical composition
country	composition
country	political economy
country	economy
country	making
country	folk music
country	music
country	popular music
country	musical work
country	work
alluvium	soil
alluvium	sediment
alluvium	deposit
alluvium	dirt
ergotamine	alkaloid
capture	lawbreaking
capture	misdemeanour
capture	acquiring
capture	move
capture	misdemeanor
capture	criminal offense
capture	offense
capture	crime
capture	chess move
capture	voluntary action
capture	action
magnetic storage	data storage device
storage	device
magnetic storage	storage
eschaton	day
eschaton	period of time
eschaton	period
eschaton	time period
eschaton	theological system
eschaton	system
eschaton	theology
seanad	unicameral legislature
seanad	legislature
seanad	upper house
seanad	house
seanad	upper chamber
seanad	chamber
seanad	legislative body
seanad	body
seanad	chambers of parliament
seanad	legislative assembly
seanad	assembly
seanad	law-makers
terrorism	terror
terrorism	offense
terrorism	misconduct
terrorism	wrongfulness
terrorism	wrongful act
terrorism	act
terrorism	criminal offense
terrorism	crime
terrorism	unlawfulness
terrorism	injustice
terrorism	wrongdoing
terrorism	wrongful conduct
terrorism	conduct
terrorism	criminal offence
terrorism	offence
disciple	person
disciple	follower
ball	field game
ball	game
ball	social function
ball	function
ball	form
ball	dance
ball	shape
ball	round shape
ball	spheroid
ball	genital
ball	olympic sport
ball	sport
ball	type of sport
ball	type
ball	ellipsoid
ball	propulsion
ball	sex organ
ball	organ
ball	pellet
ball	sexual organ
ball	body part
ball	part
ball	geometric shape
ball	game equipment
ball	equipment
ball	outdoor game
ball	baseball
ball	baseball game
ball	plaything
balk	throwing
balk	team sport
balk	sport
balk	competition
balk	ball player
balk	player
balk	ballgame
balk	baseball
balk	ball game
balk	game
balk	outdoor game
balk	pitch
balk	olympic sport
balk	baseball game
reactionary	conservative
diploma	credential
diploma	certificate
diploma	title
diploma	certification
diploma	evidence
diploma	written document
diploma	document
diploma	scientific evidence
diploma	credentials
stymy	difficulty
stymy	handicap
stymy	obstruction
stymy	obstacle
stymy	impediment
stymy	hindrance
stymy	deterrent
stymy	hinderance
judgment	savvy
judgment	deciding
judgment	knowing
judgment	wisdom
airlock	chamber
airlock	enclosure
magnetic dipole	dipole
cosmic dust	air quality
dust	quality
cosmic dust	phenomenon
dust	phenomenon
cosmic dust	air pollutant
dust	pollutant
cosmic dust	air pollution
dust	pollution
cosmic dust	natural environment
dust	environment
cosmic dust	particulate matter
dust	matter
cosmic dust	dust
cosmic dust	natural phenomenon
cosmic dust	cloud
dust	cloud
cosmic dust	pollution
weapon	persuasion
water balloon	transportation
balloon	transportation
water balloon	balloon
water balloon	gas
balloon	gas
water balloon	hot air balloon
water balloon	lighter-than-air craft
balloon	craft
water balloon	aircraft
balloon	aircraft
great-grandmother	person
great-grandmother	star sign
great-grandmother	sign
great-grandmother	forefather
warlord	military leader
warlord	leader
warlord	boss
warlord	bos
warlord	person
warlord	chief
maple leaf	plant part
leaf	part
maple leaf	leafage
leaf	leafage
lunation	unit of time
lunation	unit
lunation	time unit
lunation	month
laurel	plant
laurel	flower arrangement
laurel	arrangement
laurel	garland
laurel	tracheophyte
laurel	flowering tree
laurel	tree
laurel	native plant
laurel	floral arrangement
laurel	floral design
laurel	design
laurel	native
flashlight	light
flashlight	source of illumination
flashlight	source
flashlight	mechanism
flashlight	light source
web	information processing system
web	system
web	tissue layer
web	layer
web	communications system
web	network service
web	service
web	communication system
web	computer networking
web	networking
web	anatomical structure
web	structure
web	computer code
web	code
web	biological membrane
web	membrane
web	component-based software engineering
web	engineering
web	telecommunication system
web	data system
web	electronic network
web	network
web	fabric
web	information systems
web	computer network
web	software component
web	component
web	body structure
web	textile
web	connection
web	information system
web	physical system
web	information network
web	interconnection
rosiness	pink
rosiness	skin colour
rosiness	colour
rosiness	spectral color
rosiness	color
rosiness	skin color
rosiness	good health
rosiness	health
rosiness	human skin color
rosiness	healthiness
rosiness	incarnadine
rosiness	state
rosiness	complexion
rosiness	spectral colour
rosiness	redness
lanugo	pile
guts	stomach
gut	stomach
guts	organ
gut	organ
guts	molecular biology
gut	biology
guts	ideal
gut	ideal
guts	structural biology
guts	anatomy
gut	anatomy
guts	tummy
gut	tummy
guts	body part
gut	part
guts	breadbasket
gut	breadbasket
guts	fortitude
gut	fortitude
guts	internal organ
guts	natural phenomenon
gut	phenomenon
narcolepsy	illness
narcolepsy	sickness
narcolepsy	pathological state
narcolepsy	state
narcolepsy	disease
narcolepsy	sleep disorder
narcolepsy	disorder
narcolepsy	sleep disturbance
narcolepsy	disturbance
citizen	person
citizen	national
ley	grassland
ley	meadow
pasqueflower	wildflower
pasqueflower	flower
pasqueflower	molecular biology
pasqueflower	biology
government	political organization
government	organization
government	function
government	political organisation
government	organisation
government	social control
government	control
government	system of rules
government	system
government	ceremonial
government	social function
government	figure of speech
government	figure
avant-garde	artistic movement
avant-garde	movement
avant-garde	experimentation
avant-garde	tendency
avant-garde	art movement
avant-garde	music genre
avant-garde	genre
hauling	move
hauling	transportation
hauling	means of transport
hauling	mean
hauling	freight transport
hauling	transport
hauling	passenger transport
hauling	shipping
hauling	motion
hauling	travelling
hauling	movement
packet filtering	home appliance
filtering	appliance
packet filtering	information processing system
filtering	system
packet filtering	electrical load
filtering	load
packet filtering	communications system
packet filtering	telecommunication system
packet filtering	appliance
packet filtering	software program
filtering	program
packet filtering	communication equipment
filtering	equipment
packet filtering	coding system
packet filtering	computer networking
filtering	networking
packet filtering	household appliance
packet filtering	telecom equipment
packet filtering	computer program
packet filtering	information network
filtering	network
packet filtering	net
filtering	net
packet filtering	computer software
filtering	software
packet filtering	computer network
packet filtering	network
packet filtering	installation art
filtering	art
oriflamme	emblem
oriflamme	image
oriflamme	portraiture
oriflamme	artifact
oriflamme	banner
oriflamme	icon
journalism	work of art
journalism	work
journalism	database
journalism	transmission
journalism	narrative mode
journalism	mode
journalism	storage medium
journalism	narrative
journalism	storage
journalism	story
journalism	tale
journalism	piece of work
journalism	narration
journalism	print media
journalism	database management system
journalism	system
candy	retail outlet
candy	outlet
betaine	alkaloid
ozone	gas
ozone	fluid
journalist	person
journalist	literate person
journalist	writer
page	courier
page	dictionary entry
page	entry
page	paper
page	sheet of paper
page	sheet
page	communication medium
page	medium
page	string of words
page	string
page	piece of paper
page	piece
page	title
page	person
page	book
shed	constructed structure
shed	structure
religiosity	devoutness
religiosity	moral philosophy
religiosity	philosophy
religiosity	sociology
religiosity	religiousness
liquidation	killer
liquidation	killing
liquidation	expiry
liquidation	lawsuit
liquidation	evildoing
liquidation	legal case
liquidation	case
liquidation	court case
liquidation	putting to death
liquidation	death
liquidation	suit
liquidation	termination
library	computer code
library	code
library	installation
library	application software
library	software
library	constructed structure
library	structure
library	applications programme
library	application
library	software application
library	app
library	application program
library	program
library	public building
library	building
library	applications software
hair	body structure
hair	structure
hair	anatomical structure
hair	cloth
hair	body part
hair	part
hair	body covering
hair	body
hair	bodily structure
growth	evolution
ostracism	proscription
ostracism	ejection
recommendation	text file
recommendation	file
recommendation	approval
recommendation	advice
recommendation	textfile
empire	political organization
empire	organization
empire	form of government
empire	form
empire	monarchy
empire	polity
empire	political system
empire	system
empire	regime
empire	social control
empire	control
empire	corporation
empire	political organisation
empire	organisation
empire	enterprise
empire	religious ritual
econometrics	statistics
econometrics	statistic
econometrics	political economy
econometrics	economy
econometrics	statistical analysis
econometrics	analysis
econometrics	economics
econometrics	economic science
econometrics	science
transport	travel
transport	move
transport	motion
transport	mechanical assembly
transport	assembly
transport	traveling
transport	travelling
transport	natural process
transport	process
transport	movement
res judicata	written agreement
judicata	agreement
res judicata	cross-reference
judicata	cross-reference
res judicata	cross-index
judicata	cross-index
res judicata	cite
judicata	cite
seaquake	natural disaster
seaquake	disaster
seaquake	observable
seaquake	misfortune
seaquake	risk
seaquake	temblor
seaquake	danger
seaquake	catastrophe
seaquake	tragedy
seaquake	calamity
seaquake	seismic activity
seaquake	activity
seaquake	hazard
seaquake	quake
seaquake	bad luck
seaquake	luck
seaquake	trouble
seaquake	natural phenomenon
seaquake	phenomenon
seaquake	earthquake
seaquake	geological phenomenon
tadpole	animal
tadpole	larva
truffle	plant
truffle	plant structure
truffle	structure
truffle	green goods
truffle	good
truffle	goody
truffle	tracheophyte
truffle	delicacy
truffle	candy
truffle	sweets
truffle	sweet
truffle	plant organ
truffle	organ
truffle	treat
truffle	dainty
truffle	plant part
truffle	part
truffle	confection
great-grandfather	forbear
great-grandfather	antecedent
great-grandfather	ancestor
great-grandfather	paternity
great-grandfather	parent
great-grandfather	forebear
great-grandfather	relative
great-grandfather	person
great-grandfather	parents
great-grandfather	forefather
great-grandfather	progenitor
great-grandfather	ascendent
great-grandfather	primogenitor
small cap	measuring
cap	measuring
small cap	measure
cap	measure
small cap	corp
cap	corp
small cap	capital
cap	capital
small cap	measurement
cap	measurement
biology	observable
biology	life
biology	phenomenon
biology	natural phenomenon
biology	bioscience
biology	branch of science
biology	branch
biology	life science
biology	science
biology	organic phenomenon
atomizer	dispenser
atomizer	spout
atomizer	mechanical assembly
atomizer	assembly
atomizer	nozzle
atomizer	mechanism
journal	medium
journal	periodical publication
journal	publication
journal	periodical literature
journal	literature
journal	storage medium
journal	write-up
journal	public press
journal	press
journal	mass medium
journal	book
journal	mass media
journal	print media
journal	book of account
journal	knowledge organization
journal	organization
cellulose	glycan
nonverbal communication	manner of speaking
communication	manner
religionism	devoutness
religionism	righteousness
religionism	religiousness
purplish-red	spectral colour
purplish-red	colour
purplish-red	red
purplish-red	violet
purplish-red	purple
purplish-red	spectral color
purplish-red	color
purplish-red	purples
purplish-red	redness
tundra swan	aquatic bird
swan	bird
tundra swan	swan
tundra swan	bird
stage	physical property
stage	property
stage	transportation
stage	technical specification
stage	specification
stage	theatre
stage	public transit
stage	transit
stage	move
stage	scene
stage	surface
stage	locale
stage	dramatic art
stage	art
stage	theater
stage	transportation system
stage	system
stage	dramatics
stage	installation
stage	time period
stage	period
stage	period of time
retribution	philosophy
retribution	justice
retribution	correction
retribution	rectification
retribution	improvement
retribution	penalty
retribution	getting even
retribution	cost
retribution	goodness
retribution	justness
retribution	natural virtue
retribution	virtue
retribution	paying back
retribution	payment
rationing	parceling
rationing	assignation
rationing	allocation
rationing	allotment
rationing	apportionment of seats
rationing	apportionment
rationing	parcelling
rationing	distribution
column	non-fiction
column	cylinder
column	figure
column	structural member
column	member
column	support
column	body structure
column	structure
column	anatomical structure
column	opera
column	report
column	geometric shape
column	shape
column	nonfiction
column	bodily structure
column	work of art
column	work
column	structural analysis
column	analysis
column	newspaper article
column	article
column	piece of work
column	piece
glade	parcel
glade	space
glade	topological space
glade	parcel of land
glade	piece of land
glade	piece
glade	surface
glade	topological manifold
glade	manifold
glade	piece of ground
futurist	theologian
futurist	illusionist
futurist	person
emperor	king
emperor	form of address
emperor	form
emperor	title of respect
emperor	title
emperor	alcohol
emperor	chief of state
emperor	chief
emperor	sovereign
emperor	alcoholic beverage
emperor	beverage
emperor	person
emperor	monarch
documentary	picture
documentary	library science
documentary	science
documentary	show
stakes	collective investment scheme
stake	scheme
stakes	investment funds
stake	fund
stakes	assets
stake	asset
stakes	investment
stake	investment
stakes	investment fund
trust company	partnership
company	partnership
trust company	financial organization
company	organization
trust company	corporation
company	corporation
trust company	company
trust company	financial organisation
company	organisation
trust company	business organization
trust company	business concern
company	concern
trust company	enterprise
company	enterprise
placoderm	animal
chronic	disorder
chronic	illness
chronic	pathological state
chronic	state
chronic	disease
chronic	sickness
tableware	combination
weather	physical phenomenon
weather	phenomenon
weather	natural phenomenon
weather	atmospheric phenomenon
secant	function
secant	binary relation
secant	relation
secant	mapping
secant	elementary function
secant	single-valued function
secant	mathematical function
secant	mathematical relation
proteolysis	chemical action
proteolysis	action
proteolysis	chemical process
proteolysis	process
angular momentum	chemical reaction
momentum	reaction
angular momentum	reaction
angular momentum	natural action
momentum	action
angular momentum	momentum
angular momentum	natural process
momentum	process
shortsightedness	softness
shortsightedness	visual impairment
shortsightedness	impairment
shortsightedness	sickness
macroeconomics	economics
ridge	convex shape
ridge	shape
ridge	elevation
ridge	natural elevation
ridge	structural member
ridge	member
ridge	support
ridge	beam
ridge	structural element
ridge	element
ridge	appendage
snowplow	travel
snowplow	move
snowplow	transport
snowplow	road vehicle
snowplow	vehicle
grapevine	album
grapevine	vinifera
grapevine	plant
grapevine	vinifera grape
grapevine	grape
grapevine	transmission
grapevine	transmission channel
grapevine	channel
grapevine	signal
grapevine	record album
grapevine	rumour
grapevine	vine
grapevine	audio signal
grapevine	gossip
grapevine	rumor
grapevine	vitis vinifera
buckle	restraint
buckle	fastener
buckle	shape
buckle	holdfast
buckle	fixing
buckle	fastening
reconnoitering	sociology
reconnoitering	warfare
reconnoitering	intelligence assessment
reconnoitering	assessment
reconnoitering	intelligence operation
reconnoitering	operation
reconnoitering	experiment
reconnoitering	warring
reconnoitering	intelligence activity
reconnoitering	activity
reconnoitering	military unit
reconnoitering	unit
reconnoitering	war
cricket	field game
cricket	game
cricket	athletic game
cricket	competitor
cricket	contest
cricket	team sport
cricket	sport
cricket	athlete
cricket	grasshopper
cricket	hopper
cricket	competition
cricket	outdoor game
cricket	olympic sports
cricket	olympic sport
cricket	type of sport
cricket	type
cricket	track and field
cricket	track
north	mapmaking
north	direction
north	cartography
north	spatial relation
north	relation
north	cardinal direction
storehouse	depository
storehouse	deposit
storehouse	depositary
storehouse	facility
escrow	written agreement
escrow	agreement
escrow	understanding
close combat	contest
combat	contest
close combat	contact sport
combat	sport
close combat	combat sport
close combat	olympic sports
close combat	contestant
combat	contestant
close combat	sport
close combat	type of sport
combat	type
potato salad	dish
salad	dish
potato salad	recipe
salad	recipe
potato salad	salad
sheepshead	bony fish
sheepshead	fish
sheepshead	teleost fish
overflow	fluid dynamics
overflow	dynamic
overflow	flow
overflow	fluid mechanics
overflow	mechanic
overflow	flowing
valuation	category
valuation	sorting
valuation	spending
valuation	assessment
valuation	price
valuation	retail price
valuation	single-valued function
valuation	function
valuation	cost
valuation	retail
valuation	appraisal
bug	micro-organism
bug	defect
bug	electronic component
bug	component
bug	transducer
bug	animal
bug	sensing element
bug	element
bug	detector
bug	sensor
bug	track and field
bug	track
territory	locale
territory	space
official	adjudicator
official	person
official	umpire
official	referee
official	football official
negritude	penchant
negritude	social action
negritude	action
negritude	proclivity
negritude	predisposition
negritude	propensity
negritude	sociology
negritude	front
negritude	social movement
negritude	movement
negritude	inclination
negritude	tendency
nursery rhyme	story
rhyme	story
nursery rhyme	rhyming
rhyme	rhyming
nursery rhyme	narrative mode
rhyme	mode
nursery rhyme	narrative
rhyme	narrative
nursery rhyme	rhyme
nursery rhyme	tale
rhyme	tale
nursery rhyme	narration
rhyme	narration
ruling	legal opinion
ruling	opinion
ruling	judgement
ruling	judicial opinion
ruling	judicial decision
ruling	decision
ruling	judgment
seignior	person
seignior	overlord
seignior	master
seignior	lord
distribution	spatial relation
distribution	relation
distribution	database
baker	merchant
baker	household appliance
baker	appliance
baker	home appliance
masquerade ball	social function
masquerade ball	affair
ball	affair
masquerade ball	ball
masquerade ball	show
ball	show
masquerade ball	masquerade
ball	masquerade
masquerade ball	masque
ball	masque
masquerade ball	mask
ball	mask
masquerade ball	social occasion
ball	occasion
masquerade ball	social event
ball	event
masquerade ball	party
ball	party
masquerade ball	function
masquerade ball	occasion
masquerade ball	group event
masquerade ball	masquerade party
masquerade ball	social gathering
ball	gathering
mechanics	performance
mechanic	performance
mechanics	physics
mechanic	physic
bearing	mechanical assembly
bearing	assembly
bearing	direction
bearing	component
bearing	support
bearing	mechanism
carborundum	abrasive
carborundum	abrasive material
carborundum	material
pe	sword
pe	weapon
rubble	scrap
crusade	disagreement
crusade	task
crusade	military campaign
crusade	campaign
crusade	military action
crusade	action
crusade	expedition
crusade	undertaking
crusade	expeditionary warfare
crusade	warfare
crusade	difference of opinion
crusade	difference
crusade	military operation
crusade	operation
crusade	dispute
crusade	venture
crusade	military expedition
crusade	war
metritis	illness
metritis	inflammation
metritis	sickness
metritis	disorder
metritis	disease
metritis	redness
disengagement	warfare
disengagement	going away
disengagement	difference of opinion
disengagement	difference
disengagement	warring
disengagement	military operation
disengagement	operation
disengagement	departure
disengagement	leaving
disengagement	going
disengagement	military action
disengagement	action
disengagement	separation
disengagement	withdrawal
disengagement	war
disengagement	retreat
disengagement	dispute
trailing	communication medium
trailing	medium
trailing	chase
commander-in-chief	warrior
commander-in-chief	military branch
commander-in-chief	branch
commander-in-chief	military force
commander-in-chief	force
commander-in-chief	commanding officer
commander-in-chief	officer
commander-in-chief	military rank
commander-in-chief	rank
commander-in-chief	commandant
commander-in-chief	armed services
commander-in-chief	service
commander-in-chief	commander
commander-in-chief	soldier
commander-in-chief	person
commander-in-chief	military man
commander-in-chief	man
commander-in-chief	war machine
commander-in-chief	machine
commander-in-chief	personnel
commander-in-chief	military
commander-in-chief	combatant
commander-in-chief	armed combat
commander-in-chief	combat
commander-in-chief	military unit
commander-in-chief	unit
commander-in-chief	enlisted person
commander-in-chief	armed forces
promulgation	announcement
promulgation	declaration
promulgation	annunciation
promulgation	proclamation
corporation	subsidiary company
corporation	company
corporation	enterprise
corporation	business organization
corporation	organization
corporation	corporate group
corporation	group
corporation	business organisation
corporation	organisation
corporation	subsidiary
offensive	warfare
offensive	military action
offensive	action
offensive	difference of opinion
offensive	difference
offensive	military operation
offensive	operation
offensive	disagreement
offensive	warring
offensive	war
offensive	dispute
single tax	taxation
tax	taxation
single tax	charge
tax	charge
single tax	tax
single tax	revenue enhancement
tax	enhancement
oat	plant
oat	food grain
oat	grain
oat	tracheophyte
oat	cereal grass
oat	grass
oat	seed
oat	cereal
gannet	aquatic bird
gannet	bird
gannet	seabird
gannet	sea bird
aerodrome	airfield
aerodrome	facility
perdition	imaginary place
perdition	place
soil pipe	pipe
soil pipe	drain
pipe	drain
soil pipe	surface area
pipe	area
soil pipe	tube
soil pipe	pipework
pipe	pipework
soil pipe	packaging
pipe	packaging
soil pipe	geometric shape
soil pipe	waste pipe
soil pipe	packing material
pipe	material
soil pipe	tubing
soil pipe	drainpipe
pipe	drainpipe
soil pipe	piping
pipe	piping
soil pipe	plane section
pafuramidine	drug
junk	transport
star	thespian
star	influential person
star	person
star	celestial body
star	body
star	image
star	mapping
star	topological space
star	space
star	important person
star	shape
star	separable space
star	plan
star	infinite
star	heavenly body
star	mathematical relation
star	relation
star	abstract object
star	object
star	floral design
star	design
star	written symbol
star	symbol
star	icon
star	mathematical space
star	metrology
star	polygonal shape
star	polygon
star	personage
star	actor
star	arrangement
star	geometric shape
star	drawing
ladino	person
ladino	preservation
ladino	breed
ladino	animal group
ladino	group
ladino	animal
augmentation	increase
dhow	means of transportation
dhow	mean
dhow	watercraft
dhow	transportation
dhow	means of transport
dhow	sailboat
dhow	travel
dhow	passenger transport
dhow	transport
dhow	traveling
dhow	vehicle
dhow	travelling
dhow	mode of transport
dhow	mode
dhow	movement
department head	person
head	person
department head	chief
head	chief
department head	leader
head	leader
department head	boss
head	bos
piastre	monetary unit
piastre	unit
piastre	subunit
coupling	sexual practice
coupling	practice
coupling	bodily process
coupling	process
coupling	connection
coupling	connecter
coupling	connective
coupling	connector
coupling	sexual act
coupling	act
coupling	sexual activity
coupling	activity
coupling	mechanical assembly
coupling	assembly
coupling	mechanism
coupling	sex activity
coupling	bodily function
coupling	function
coupling	sexual relations
coupling	relation
coupling	connexion
coupling	human sexual activity
prionotus	fish
prionotus	binomial name
prionotus	name
prionotus	biological group
prionotus	group
prionotus	binomial nomenclature
prionotus	nomenclature
pension	endnote
pension	regular payment
pension	payment
pension	cost
pension	citation
penetrator	software
penetrator	action game
penetrator	game
penetrator	software package
penetrator	package
penetrator	person
penetrator	trespasser
penetrator	video game genre
penetrator	genre
penetrator	entrant
penetrator	interloper
penetrator	computer software
penetrator	intruder
biotechnology	engineering physics
biotechnology	physic
biotechnology	molecular biologist
biotechnology	biologist
biotechnology	applied science
biotechnology	science
foreshadowing	anticipation
foreshadowing	prediction
foreshadowing	prevision
foreshadowing	forecast
foreshadowing	foresight
foreshadowing	intellection
foreshadowing	thought process
foreshadowing	process
salamander	amphibian
salamander	animal
praetor	magistrate
praetor	judge
praetor	person
endocarditis	carditis
endocarditis	inflammation
endocarditis	disorder
endocarditis	disease
endocarditis	sickness
maliciousness	malevolence
maliciousness	distaste
maliciousness	hatred
maliciousness	hate
maliciousness	malignity
buckler	body armor
buckler	armor
spelunker	exploration
spelunker	adventurer
spelunker	explorer
quo warranto	proceedings
warranto	proceeding
quo warranto	legal proceedings
quo warranto	proceeding
quo warranto	due process
warranto	process
quo warranto	legal proceeding
pragmatism	social function
pragmatism	function
pragmatism	usefulness
pragmatism	ceremonial
pragmatism	ceremonial occasion
pragmatism	occasion
liberty	freedom
liberty	independence
shoal	sandbank
shoal	animal group
shoal	group
shoal	bank
shoal	body of water
shoal	body
miscreant	wrongdoer
miscreant	person
miscreant	offender
pane	sheet
pane	sheet glass
pane	glass
pane	wall
pane	partition
pane	plate glass
pane	flat solid
pane	solid
pane	panel
apparition	imaginary creature
apparition	creature
apparition	imaginary being
woofer	speaker system
woofer	system
woofer	electrical device
woofer	device
woofer	speaker
woofer	speaker unit
woofer	unit
lofepramine	tricyclic antidepressant
lofepramine	antidepressant
lofepramine	pharmaceutic
spot price	spending
price	spending
spot price	endnote
price	endnote
spot price	price
homeostasis	static equilibrium
homeostasis	equilibrium
staphylococci	true bacteria
staphylococci	bacteria
staphylococci	eubacteria
staphylococci	micro-organism
arms	heraldry
arm	heraldry
arms	artifact
arm	artifact
respiratory disease	illness
disease	illness
respiratory disease	sickness
disease	sickness
footway	walkway
footway	path
longbow	weapon
rookery	piece of land
rookery	piece
rookery	breeding ground
rookery	ground
engine	land vehicle
engine	vehicle
bread	foodstuff
bread	food product
bread	product
styrofoam	polymer
styrofoam	synthetic resin
styrofoam	resin
styrofoam	styrene
styrofoam	foam
styrofoam	vinyl resin
styrofoam	representational process
styrofoam	process
styrofoam	vinyl polymer
bomber	motion
bomber	land vehicle
bomber	vehicle
bomber	mass medium
bomber	medium
ordinary	judge
ordinary	map
ordinary	state
ordinary	vehicle
wine	alcoholic drink
wine	drink
wine	beverage
relief	pleasance
relief	pause
relief	freeing
relief	state
relief	surface
relief	lessening
relief	liberation
relief	compensation
relief	decrease
relief	economic aid
relief	aid
relief	pleasure
relief	international assistance
relief	assistance
policy	point of reference
policy	point
policy	reference point
policy	written agreement
policy	agreement
hearsay rule	rule of evidence
hearsay rule	guideline
rule	guideline
hearsay rule	rules of evidence
hearsay rule	evidence
rule	evidence
judge	legal expert
judge	expert
authoritarian regime	authorities
regime	authority
authoritarian regime	polity
regime	polity
law	medium
law	piece of work
law	piece
reflex response	bodily function
response	function
reflex response	response
kaon	subatomic particle
kaon	particle
arbitrage	investment
tartar	disagreeable person
tartar	person
tartar	unpleasant person
tartar	biofilm
manslaughter	wrongful act
manslaughter	act
manslaughter	decease
manslaughter	death
manslaughter	cause of death
manslaughter	cause
manslaughter	immorality
manslaughter	unnatural death
manslaughter	killer
manslaughter	anti-social behaviour
manslaughter	behaviour
manslaughter	ending
manslaughter	putting to death
manslaughter	homicide
manslaughter	kill
manslaughter	crime
manslaughter	law-breaking
manslaughter	wrongful conduct
manslaughter	conduct
manslaughter	termination
manslaughter	voluntary action
manslaughter	action
manslaughter	killing
manslaughter	lawsuit
manslaughter	wrongfulness
luffa	seed plants
luffa	plant
specialist	caregiver
specialist	health professional
specialist	professional
specialist	primary care provider
specialist	provider
sarcophagus	body part
sarcophagus	part
sarcophagus	internode
sarcophagus	boxes
sarcophagus	box
sarcophagus	coffin
collector	person
collector	worker
microcontroller	semiconductor
microcontroller	durable good
microcontroller	computer chip
microcontroller	chip
microcontroller	circuit
microcontroller	durable goods
microcontroller	good
microcontroller	semiconducting material
microcontroller	material
microcontroller	durables
microcontroller	processor
microcontroller	electronic equipment
microcontroller	equipment
festivity	party
festivity	group event
festivity	event
festivity	social occasion
festivity	occasion
festivity	social event
shopping	purchase
shopping	buy
shopping	purchasing
shopping	business process
shopping	process
monoid	subsemigroup
monoid	semigroup
monoid	groupoid
catchment area	technical specification
area	specification
catchment area	measure
area	measure
catchment area	mapmaking
area	mapmaking
catchment area	first derivative
area	first derivative
catchment area	computation
area	computation
catchment area	devising
area	devising
moderator	intermediator
moderator	go-between
moderator	mediator
moderator	negotiator
moderator	intermediary
moderator	person
moderator	chief
moderator	leader
ghee	butter
tower	shape
tower	transportation
tower	form
tower	constructed structure
tower	structure
tower	algebraic structure
tower	technical specification
tower	specification
diameter	length
diameter	dimension
diameter	size
adventure	undertaking
director	corporate executive
director	executive
director	direction
director	television producer
director	producer
director	associate
director	film producer
director	person
catsuit	clothing
catsuit	clothes
business concern	concern
business concern	enterprise
concern	enterprise
warship	military vehicle
warship	vehicle
warship	passenger transport
warship	transport
warship	naval ship
warship	ship
warship	traveling
warship	ship transport
warship	means of transportation
warship	mean
warship	watercraft
warship	travel
warship	land vehicle
warship	mechanism
warship	travelling
warship	movement
letter	text
letter	textual matter
letter	matter
letter	written document
letter	document
letter	computer file
letter	file
letter	sign
balsa raft	tourist attraction
raft	attraction
line of duty	responsibility
line	responsibility
line of duty	agreement
line	agreement
line of duty	contract
line	contract
dwarf planet	heavenly body
planet	body
dwarf planet	celestial body
dwarf planet	astronomical object
planet	object
dwarf planet	planetoid
planet	planetoid
list	written language
list	language
list	formal language
list	processing
list	database
list	written communication
list	communication
list	utility software
list	software
list	mathematical model
list	model
list	example
list	constructed language
list	utility
couture	dressmaking
blame	criticism
blame	accusation
blame	charge
blame	unfavorable judgment
blame	judgment
blame	criminal charge
blame	reprimand
blame	reproof
blame	reproach
blame	disapproval
accounting	management
accounting	career
accounting	language
running	athlete
running	olympic sport
running	sport
waiver	termination
waiver	surrender
waiver	relinquishing
residence time	technical specification
time	specification
residence time	specifications
residence time	fundamental quantity
time	quantity
residence time	fundamental measure
time	measure
residence time	duration
time	duration
residence time	time period
time	period
residence time	period of time
residence hall	public building
residence hall	constructed structure
residence hall	living accommodations
hall	accommodation
macadam	paving
macadam	surface
macadam	stone
samurai	warrior
samurai	person
patchwork	comforter
patchwork	linens
patchwork	linen
patchwork	needlecraft
patchwork	blanket
patchwork	bedclothes
beacon	telecommunication
beacon	constructed structure
beacon	structure
beacon	signal
beacon	visual signal
beacon	sign
beacon	engineering physics
beacon	physic
beacon	engineering
beacon	signaling
cocoa bean	chocolate tree
bean	tree
quinine	pharmaceutical drug
quinine	drug
quinine	antiprotozoal
online shopping	shopping
breve	grammatical category
breve	category
breve	signal
breve	music notation
breve	notation
breve	form class
breve	class
breve	mark
breve	musical notation
breve	signaling
breve	representational process
breve	process
breve	measure
breve	written symbol
breve	symbol
breve	musical note
breve	note
resonance	wave
resonance	movement
elimination	homicide
elimination	lawbreaking
elimination	finish
elimination	crime
elimination	offence
elimination	slaying
elimination	criminal offense
elimination	offense
elimination	killing
elimination	removal
elimination	putting to death
elimination	death
elimination	kill
elimination	emission
elimination	discharge
elimination	wipeout
elimination	termination
elimination	ending
elimination	demolition
earl	nobleman
earl	noble
earl	form of address
earl	form
earl	title
earl	title of respect
earl	boss
earl	bos
earl	dictionary entry
earl	entry
earl	prefix
earl	aristocrat
coffee	drink
incorporation	polity
incorporation	compounding
adage	idiom
adage	grammatical construction
adage	construction
adage	phrase
adage	expression
adage	set phrase
adage	word play
adage	play
steenbok	mammal
steenbok	antelope
steenbok	animal
spearmint	herb
spearmint	tracheophyte
bioenergy	energy
enlistment	ideal
enlistment	commitment
enlistment	allegiance
breakwater	dike
breakwater	dyke
computer industry	electronics
industry	electronics
computer industry	macrocosm and microcosm
industry	macrocosm
senior	person
senior	student
classification	category
classification	control
classification	placement
classification	periodical literature
classification	literature
classification	mapping
classification	arrangement
magnet school	school
magnet school	state school
magnet school	constructed structure
school	structure
magnet school	school system
school	system
magnet school	academy
school	academy
magnet school	educational institution
school	institution
magnet school	public building
school	building
magnet school	ceremonial occasion
school	occasion
carbon dioxide	state
dioxide	state
carbon dioxide	natural phenomenon
dioxide	phenomenon
adobe	salt
adobe	dirt
view	electronic media
view	medium
view	perception
view	show
view	perceptual experience
view	experience
view	television show
view	moving-picture show
view	film
view	visual percept
view	percept
view	visual aspect
view	aspect
view	work of art
view	work
view	tv program
view	program
view	goal
view	television series
view	series
view	movie
view	perceptible
view	appearance
view	tv show
view	engineering physics
view	physic
view	sensory activity
view	activity
guerilla	battle
guerilla	fight
guerilla	difference of opinion
guerilla	difference
high commissioner	title
commissioner	title
high commissioner	diplomat
commissioner	diplomat
high commissioner	person
commissioner	person
fellah	employee
fellah	agricultural laborer
fellah	laborer
fellah	peasant
fellah	working man
fellah	man
fellah	farm worker
fellah	worker
potpourri	organic solvent
potpourri	solvent
potpourri	cosmetic
potpourri	musical composition
potpourri	composition
potpourri	jar
local government	regime
government	regime
torture	ill-treatment
torture	pain
torture	distress
torture	ill-usage
torture	falsification
torture	maltreatment
torture	mistreatment
torture	hurt
torture	suffering
torture	abuse
torture	clinical symptom
torture	symptom
torture	persecution
torture	misconduct
torture	wrongdoing
prairie cordgrass	cordgrass
prairie cordgrass	grass
cordgrass	grass
lens	tracheophyte
lens	optical instrument
lens	instrument
maltreatment	mistreatment
pulse	veg
pulse	signal
pulse	magnitude relation
pulse	relation
pulse	energy
pulse	vibration
bird sanctuary	inclosure
sanctuary	inclosure
bird sanctuary	coop
sanctuary	coop
bird sanctuary	cage
sanctuary	cage
bird sanctuary	constructed structure
sanctuary	structure
sustainability	specifications
sustainability	specification
calcium	metallic element
calcium	element
pet shop	boutique
shop	boutique
pet shop	retail store
shop	store
parking	maneuver
parking	decision
parking	pick
parking	tactical manoeuvre
parking	manoeuvre
cox	jack
cox	helmsman
cox	person
scoutmaster	leader
scoutmaster	master
scoutmaster	person
chateau	constructed structure
chateau	structure
chateau	country house
chateau	house
cyclic guanosine monophosphate	cyclic nucleotide
monophosphate	nucleotide
sport shirt	textile
shirt	textile
sport shirt	piece of cloth
shirt	piece
stilt	wader
stilt	shore bird
stilt	bird
stilt	structural member
stilt	member
stilt	series
stilt	fundament
stilt	upright
waxwork	sculpture
oil pollution	misfortune
pollution	misfortune
oil pollution	disaster
pollution	disaster
oil pollution	danger
pollution	danger
oil pollution	catastrophe
pollution	catastrophe
oil pollution	slick
pollution	slick
oil pollution	hazard
pollution	hazard
oil pollution	environmental disaster
oil pollution	endangerment
pollution	endangerment
oil pollution	calamity
pollution	calamity
oil pollution	trouble
pollution	trouble
oil pollution	tragedy
pollution	tragedy
oil pollution	risk
pollution	risk
teacher	educationist
spell-checker	source text
spell-checker	text
spell-checker	periodical publication
spell-checker	publication
spell-checker	communication medium
spell-checker	medium
plantation	landed estate
plantation	estate
plantation	plant
plantation	parcel
plantation	planting
plantation	landed property
plantation	property
plantation	plot of land
plantation	plot
plantation	parcel of land
plantation	piece of land
plantation	piece
plantation	derivative
plantation	piece of ground
plantation	garden
pragmatics	school text
pragmatic	text
pragmatics	investigation
pragmatic	investigation
pragmatics	methodology
pragmatic	methodology
pragmatics	textbook
pragmatic	textbook
pragmatics	method
pragmatic	method
scutcheon	protective clothing
scutcheon	clothing
scutcheon	coat of mail
scutcheon	coat
scutcheon	protection
nomination	talk
farm animal	animal
cotton flannel	textile
flannel	textile
cotton flannel	cloth
flannel	cloth
cotton flannel	fabric
flannel	fabric
reporter	person
reporter	writer
ilex cassine	native plant
cassine	plant
precognition	psychic communication
precognition	communication
precognition	extrasensory perception
precognition	perception
kingdom	country
kingdom	gov
kingdom	political system
kingdom	governing
kingdom	government
elopement	running away
elopement	escape
attenuator	electrical device
attenuator	device
exculpation	claim
exculpation	justification
exculpation	pardon
exculpation	explanation
exculpation	assertion
exculpation	asseveration
jacket	casing
jacket	protective cover
jacket	cover
jacket	overgarment
jacket	clothing
jacket	housing
jacket	wrapping
jacket	clothes
academician	person
academician	bookman
academician	recipient
academician	intellect
academician	intellectual
color constancy	constancy
color constancy	visual property
constancy	property
color constancy	race
constancy	race
color constancy	timbre
constancy	timbre
lynching	wrongful act
lynching	act
lynching	murder
lynching	misconduct
lynching	slaying
lynching	first-degree murder
lynching	wrong
lynching	kill
lynching	capital crime
lynching	crime
lynching	offense
lynching	killing
lynching	execution
lynching	evildoing
lynching	legal case
lynching	case
lynching	homicide
lynching	death
lynching	death penalty
lynching	penalty
lynching	mob
lynching	trial
lynching	summary execution
lynching	corporal punishment
lynching	punishment
lynching	criminal offense
lynching	penalization
lynching	wrongfulness
lynching	putting to death
lynching	cause of death
lynching	cause
lynching	wrongdoing
lynching	wrongful conduct
lynching	conduct
lynching	conclusion
lynching	criminal offence
lynching	offence
lynching	death sentence
lynching	sentence
selective mutism	disturbance
mutism	disturbance
selective mutism	illness
mutism	illness
selective mutism	disorder
mutism	disorder
selective mutism	psychological disorder
business	economic sector
business	sector
business	mentation
grenade	explosive device
grenade	device
grenade	weapon
grenade	arm
baptismal font	basin
font	basin
economic growth	economic process
growth	process
grounds	devising
ground	devising
grounds	cartography
ground	cartography
grounds	integral
ground	integral
grounds	parcel of land
ground	parcel
grounds	tract
ground	tract
veranda	porch
intransitivity	grammatical relation
intransitivity	relation
dicoumarol	medicine
dicoumarol	anticoagulant
rvf	disorder
rvf	viral infection
rvf	infection
rvf	communicable disease
rvf	disease
medical care	health care
medical care	care
fifty	counting number
fifty	number
fifty	definite quantity
fifty	quantity
fifty	area of mathematics
fifty	area
interior decoration	manufacture
decoration	manufacture
interior decoration	decoration
engineering	motion
engineering	application
engineering	database management system
engineering	system
engineering	practical application
engineering	utilization
engineering	usage
engineering	movement
engineering	communication medium
engineering	medium
engineering	mechanism
animation	cinematography
animation	filming
animation	film genre
animation	genre
price reduction	decline
reduction	decline
price reduction	lessening
reduction	lessening
price reduction	reduction
organ donor	donor
organ	donor
organ donor	benefactor
organ	benefactor
organ donor	person
organ	person
screen	protective covering
screen	covering
screen	peripheral equipment
screen	equipment
screen	doorframe
screen	picture
overpass	freeway
overpass	bridge
overpass	throughway
overpass	thruway
overpass	motorway
overpass	way
overpass	constructed structure
overpass	structure
overpass	route
overpass	expressway
referral	source code
referral	code
referral	sending
referral	transmission
referral	proposal
referral	forwarding
referral	method
referral	procedure
report	news
report	text
hyperboloid	form
outlaw	wrongdoer
outlaw	criminal
outlaw	person
hunting	olympic sport
hunting	sport
skin	surface
skin	body covering
skin	body
skin	connective tissue
skin	tissue
totient	binary relation
totient	relation
totient	function
totient	mathematical function
totient	mapping
totient	mathematical relation
phrygian cap	clothes
cap	clothes
phrygian cap	clothing
cap	clothing
phrygian cap	cap
cyclicity	regularity
wind	motion
wind	food energy
wind	energy
wind	move
wind	coding system
wind	system
wind	breath
wind	weather
wind	atmospheric condition
wind	condition
wind	weather condition
interdict	electoral system
interdict	system
bulk	magnitude
mill	crunch
mill	constructed structure
mill	structure
mill	rubbing
mill	mechanism
mill	crush
mill	equipment
mill	complex
mill	mechanical assembly
mill	assembly
mill	mechanical phenomenon
mill	phenomenon
mill	friction
mill	industrial plant
mill	plant
mill	machinery
binge	indulging
binge	indulgence
binge	merrymaking
point	technical specification
point	specification
point	measure
point	mapmaking
point	sign
point	depiction
point	aim
point	signaling
point	measurement
point	junction
point	configuration
point	contour
point	graphic symbol
point	symbol
point	linear unit
point	unit
point	extremity
point	connexion
point	punctuation
point	mark
point	mathematical notation
point	notation
point	punctuation mark
point	connector
shooter	malefactor
shooter	criminal
shooter	bandmember
shooter	sportsperson
shooter	person
observance	broadcast
observance	perception
observance	tv program
observance	program
observance	look
observance	moral philosophy
observance	philosophy
observance	video recording
observance	video
observance	looking
observance	ideal
observance	television show
observance	show
observance	tv series
observance	series
observance	looking at
observance	sensing
tooth	bone
tooth	general anatomy
tooth	anatomy
tooth	body structure
tooth	structure
tooth	anatomical structure
asterism	star
asterism	abstract object
asterism	object
communization	communism
communization	worldview
communization	economic system
communization	system
communization	system of rules
communization	social control
communization	control
communization	socialism
communization	social order
communization	order
communization	way
communization	communist
communization	method
communization	perspective
ethanol	natural phenomenon
ethanol	phenomenon
ethanol	liquid state
ethanol	state
ethanol	chemical phenomenon
ethanol	alcohol
ethanol	fluid
weekend	time period
weekend	period
sitagliptin	pharmaceutical drug
sitagliptin	drug
sitagliptin	hypoglycemic agent
sitagliptin	agent
sitagliptin	medicinal drug
brute	person
brute	offender
brute	aggressor
brute	bad person
brute	attacker
brute	assailant
brute	assaulter
brute	wrongdoer
professional designation	form of address
designation	form
professional designation	title of respect
designation	title
professional designation	title
professional designation	word string
designation	string
professional designation	affix
designation	affix
professional designation	string of words
professional designation	prefix
designation	prefix
professional designation	honorific
designation	honorific
professional designation	constituent
designation	constituent
classifier	morpheme
classifier	person
mould	spoilage
mould	packaging
mould	visual art
mould	art
mould	database management system
mould	system
response	string of words
response	string
response	bodily process
response	process
response	acknowledgment
response	language
response	body process
response	bodily function
response	phrase
eudaimonia	state
eudaimonia	doctrine
eudaimonia	philosophy
eudaimonia	prosperity
metadata	data
horse	mammal
horse	equine
horse	animal
horse	hoofed mammal
cheat	lawbreaking
cheat	offense
cheat	law-breaking
cheat	offence
cheat	unrighteousness
cheat	criminal offense
cheat	crime
cheat	unlawfulness
cheat	transgression
cheat	dupery
cheat	wrongdoing
cheat	falsification
cheat	misconduct
cheat	unjustness
cheat	criminal offence
influenza	disease
influenza	communicable disease
magazine	work of art
magazine	work
magazine	medium
magazine	periodical publication
magazine	publication
magazine	mass media
magazine	facility
magazine	periodical literature
magazine	literature
magazine	transmission channel
magazine	channel
magazine	company
magazine	storage medium
magazine	public press
magazine	press
magazine	mechanical assembly
magazine	assembly
magazine	periodical
magazine	enterprise
magazine	publishing company
magazine	print media
magazine	communication medium
magazine	mass medium
machine	electrical device
machine	device
net	information processing system
net	system
net	network
net	durable goods
net	good
net	income
net	mechanism
net	telecom equipment
net	equipment
net	telecommunication equipment
net	component-based software engineering
net	engineering
net	computer program
net	program
net	soccer
net	liquidity
net	electronic network
net	fabric
axile placentation	placentation
transportation	work of art
transportation	work
transportation	travelling
transportation	travel
transportation	movement
strappado	maltreatment
bere	plant
bere	cereal grass
bere	grass
bere	herbaceous plant
real world	world
real world	reality
world	reality
air mass	atmospheric condition
mass	condition
word	identification
word	speech
word	string
jug	unit of volume
jug	unit
jug	bottle
teddy	toy
teddy	clothes
vivisection	medical science
vivisection	science
vivisection	surgical procedure
vivisection	procedure
vivisection	surgical operation
vivisection	operation
vivisection	medical procedure
vivisection	practice of medicine
vivisection	practice
vivisection	medicine
vivisection	surgery
vivisection	surgical process
vivisection	process
track	infrastructure
track	celestial navigation
track	navigation
track	superhighway
track	expressway
track	mode of transport
track	mode
track	sport
track	musical work
track	work
waybill	written document
waybill	document
tenement	apartment house
tenement	house
tenement	edifice
tenement	constructed structure
tenement	structure
conscience	shame
cascade	arrangement
cascade	movement
computational model	mathematical model
computational model	model
ground level	physical property
level	property
ground level	constructed structure
level	structure
ground level	measure
level	measure
ground level	spacing
level	spacing
ground level	storey
level	storey
ground level	measurement
level	measurement
ground level	spatial relation
level	relation
ground level	distance formula
level	formula
ground level	metrology
level	metrology
ground level	level
ground level	highth
level	highth
chopper	body part
chopper	part
chopper	os
chopper	o
chopper	grounder
chopper	knife
trade embargo	policy
embargo	policy
trade embargo	single-valued function
embargo	function
trade embargo	binary relation
embargo	relation
conditionality	specifications
conditionality	specification
conditionality	technical specification
oxalic acid	acid
rose	spectral color
rose	color
rose	plant
derogation	cancellation
la	alloy
la	lanthanoid
la	musical note
la	note
la	metal
stetson	hat
sulfur dioxide	fluid
dioxide	fluid
pontiff	catholic
pontiff	christian
pontiff	clergyman
pontiff	diocese
pontiff	bishopric
pontiff	person
pontiff	priest
pontiff	holy order
pontiff	order
pontiff	religious person
pontiff	priesthood
twinjet	mode of transport
twinjet	mode
twinjet	jet
society	socio-economic class
society	class
society	social class
history of science	module
history	module
streptomycin	micro-organism
streptomycin	antibiotic
camellia	woody plant
camellia	plant
paragraph	measuring
paragraph	measurement
paragraph	text
product	outcome
product	chemical process
product	process
product	artifact
grave	accent
grave	diacritic
grave	death
grave	excavation
farmer	person
viceroy	person
radio	electromagnetic wave
radio	wave
radio	telecommunication
radio	equipment
radio	telecom
radio	receiving system
radio	system
radio	communication system
radio	electronic equipment
radio	communication medium
radio	medium
radio	wireless
radio	transmission
radio	broadcasting
radio	communication device
radio	device
radio	mass media
radio	receiver
radio	mass medium
tortilla	food product
tortilla	product
episode	phenomenon
episode	film
episode	happening
swing music	musical style
music	style
swing music	popular music
swing music	music genre
music	genre
potato	food product
potato	product
potato	crop
argument	difference
argument	dispute
argument	reasoning
argument	difference of opinion
argument	discussion
ounce	mass unit
ounce	unit
ounce	weight
ounce	unit of mass
medical emergency	accidental injury
emergency	injury
medical emergency	misfortune
emergency	misfortune
medical emergency	misadventure
emergency	misadventure
medical emergency	damage
emergency	damage
medical emergency	mischance
emergency	mischance
medical emergency	injury
amis	ethnos
amis	indigenous
amis	ethnic group
amis	group
cooking ingredient	food product
ingredient	product
outreach	move
outreach	reaching
learner	initiate
learner	tiro
learner	person
mail	bag
mail	armor
mail	clothes
mail	delivery
emptiness	void
pawnbroker	loaner
pawnbroker	lender
pawnbroker	investor
pawnbroker	person
defiance	resistance
coxswain	seafarer
coxswain	sea dog
coxswain	dog
coxswain	person
children	progeny
child	progeny
customs	taxation
custom	taxation
currency	prevalence
landgrave	morpheme
landgrave	string
landgrave	lexical item
landgrave	item
cent	coinage
cent	euro coin
cent	coin
cent	monetary unit
cent	unit
cent	bill
cent	euro coins
cent	note
cent	legal tender
cent	tender
cent	mintage
cent	metal money
cent	money
facilitator	person
facilitator	worker
facilitator	supporter
facilitator	helper
synapse	conjunction
sweetness	taste sensation
sweetness	sensation
sweetness	technical specification
sweetness	specification
sweetness	sense experience
sweetness	experience
sweetness	specifications
sweetness	savour
sweetness	aroma
sweetness	aesthesis
sweetness	sense impression
sweetness	impression
sweetness	sensory faculty
sweetness	faculty
sweetness	five senses
sweetness	sens
hockey	group event
hockey	event
hockey	sport
pointer	icon
pointer	mark
pointer	indicator
pointer	dog
pointer	dog breed
pointer	breed
pointer	animal
prototype	good example
prototype	example
prototype	sample
anycast	net
anycast	computer program
anycast	program
octopus	octopod
octopus	marine animal
octopus	animal
octopus	marine ecology
octopus	ecology
octopus	seafood
octopus	mollusk
octopus	marine creature
octopus	creature
check-in	arrival
designer	person
deep learning	machine learning
alumnus	student
alumnus	person
alumnus	intellectual
alumnus	scholar
alumnus	scholarly person
tectonics	mentation
pathfinder	explorer
pathfinder	person
oculist	doc
oculist	pcp
oculist	person
beer	drinkable
beer	alcohol
beer	liquid state
beer	state
beer	brew
beer	drink
beer	fluid
beer	drug
beer	alcoholic drink
wallop	blow
wallop	motion
wallop	animal locomotion
wallop	locomotion
wallop	effect
hardpan	soil
dashi	japanese food
dashi	food
tomato soup	soup
surd	linguistic unit
surd	unit
tornado	storm
tornado	tempest
tornado	hazard
tornado	violent storm
heptose	carbohydrate
heptose	saccharide
heptose	macromolecule
heptose	sugar
racial profiling	discrimination
profiling	discrimination
racial profiling	racism
profiling	racism
racial profiling	racial discrimination
actuator	mechanism
actuator	motor
disk	memory device
disk	device
disk	set theory
disk	theory
disk	circle
disk	storage
melanocyte	cell
melanocyte	skin cell
melanocyte	epidermal cell
chip	body waste
chip	waste
chip	approach shot
chip	shot
chip	work of art
chip	country
chip	semiconductor
chip	dogpile
chip	ordure
optative	mode
jackhammer	power tool
jackhammer	tool
jackhammer	power hammer
jackhammer	hammer
blind	untruth
blind	protection
dinky	wheeled vehicle
dinky	vehicle
snooze	sleeping
cancer	malignancy
cancer	diagnosis
cancer	tumor
cancer	illness
cancer	sickness
relative price	technical specification
price	specification
relative price	specifications
relative price	price
relative price	spending
relative price	retail price
relative price	cost
price	cost
relative price	expenditure
price	expenditure
squall line	phenomenon
line	phenomenon
squall line	cold front
line	front
squall line	weather front
squall line	atmospheric phenomenon
squall line	physical phenomenon
squall line	polar front
squall line	natural phenomenon
squall line	atmospheric circulation
line	circulation
soul mate	lover
mate	lover
soul mate	person
mate	person
emerald	crystal
emerald	jewelry
kerchief	fashion accessory
kerchief	accessory
kerchief	clothing
kerchief	scarf
summerhouse	constructed structure
summerhouse	structure
sustainable tourism	tourism
chest of drawers	piece of furniture
chest	piece
tipper	automotive vehicle
tipper	vehicle
tipper	land vehicle
tipper	truck
sneeze	reflex response
sneeze	response
sneeze	bodily function
sneeze	function
sneeze	instinctive reflex
sneeze	reflex
sneeze	bodily process
sneeze	process
sneeze	reflex action
sneeze	action
hustler	crime
hustler	selfish person
hustler	person
hustler	criminal offence
hustler	offence
hustler	self-seeker
time	instant
time	example
geosphere	world
plastic	perfidy
plastic	banking concern
plastic	concern
plastic	data modeling
plastic	modeling
plastic	example
witchgrass	plant
witchgrass	grass
witchgrass	grass family
witchgrass	family
label	written language
label	language
label	portraying
label	trade name
label	name
label	image
label	program line
label	line
label	sign
label	legal name
label	code
label	marker
label	portrayal
label	brand image
label	marking
label	written communication
label	communication
label	trademark
label	mark
label	theme
label	icon
label	name brand
label	brand
space	time interval
space	interval
space	map
space	designated place
space	place
space	channel
space	free space
space	specifications
space	specification
space	emptiness
space	broadcast station
space	station
space	mass medium
space	medium
disobedience	intractability
disobedience	intractableness
disobedience	rebelliousness
disobedience	resistance
disobedience	insubordination
ira	pension account
ira	account
ammonium	molecular entity
ammonium	entity
loser	competitor
loser	person
loser	unfortunate person
loser	unfortunate
loser	contestant
loser	gambler
ossification	natural process
ossification	process
ossification	human process
ossification	chemical process
sailing ship	sailboat
ship	sailboat
sailing ship	travel
ship	travel
sailing ship	watercraft
ship	watercraft
sailing ship	boat
ship	boat
sailing ship	ship
broiler chicken	angiosperm
chicken	angiosperm
broiler chicken	bird
chicken	bird
agitation	specifications
agitation	specification
agitation	animal locomotion
agitation	locomotion
neurohypophysis	organ
neurohypophysis	endocrine
neurohypophysis	endocrine gland
neurohypophysis	gland
neurohypophysis	endocrine system
neurohypophysis	system
neurohypophysis	body part
neurohypophysis	part
neurohypophysis	ductless gland
balance of power	equilibrium
balance	equilibrium
balance of power	economic equilibrium
dc	electric energy
dc	energy
cesarean delivery	medical science
delivery	science
cesarean delivery	delivery
cesarean delivery	book
delivery	book
cesarean delivery	learned profession
delivery	profession
cesarean delivery	surgery
delivery	surgery
cesarean delivery	technology
delivery	technology
cesarean delivery	surgical process
delivery	process
paprika	body part
paprika	part
paprika	veggie
paprika	flavouring
ellida	moth
ellida	animal
laptop	electronic computer
laptop	computer
laptop	information processing system
laptop	system
laptop	computing machine
laptop	machine
front	landed estate
front	estate
front	observable
front	landed property
front	property
front	scientific research
front	research
front	bounds
front	bound
front	surface
front	acres
front	acre
front	map
front	research project
front	project
front	physical phenomenon
front	phenomenon
front	mapping
front	real property
spring	jump
spring	time of year
spring	time
spring	time period
spring	period
spring	season
price of admission	fee
price	fee
price of admission	terms
price	term
emblem	fault
emblem	illustration
endarteritis	inflammation
endarteritis	flushing
hybrid	lineage
hybrid	parentage
hybrid	blood line
hybrid	line
hybrid	descent
infatuation	true love
infatuation	love
infatuation	passionateness
infatuation	passion
sidestroke	motion
sidestroke	stroke
sidestroke	move
sidestroke	movement
reliability	trustworthiness
reliability	responsibleness
prison	penal institution
prison	institution
spinneret	arachnid
freightage	transportation
freightage	price
freightage	freight transport
freightage	transport
freightage	shipping
freightage	charge
freightage	cost
freightage	charge per unit
tortilla chip	snack food
tortilla chip	dish
chip	dish
tortilla chip	snack
chip	snack
tortilla chip	corn chip
dicky	piece of furniture
dicky	piece
dicky	backseat
monzonite	stone
monzonite	pebble
monzonite	rock
relay	handing over
relay	handing
relay	circuit
relay	team sport
relay	sport
relay	expansion card
relay	card
relay	competition
relay	electrical device
relay	device
relay	electrical switch
relay	switch
relay	electrical circuit
relay	olympic sport
relay	group event
relay	event
relay	transport
relay	contest
relay	electric circuit
relay	electronic equipment
relay	equipment
relay	semiconductor
relay	race
relay	electric switch
relay	board
relay	electrical network
relay	network
relay	team
relay	olympic sports
relay	electronic circuit
relay	track and field
relay	track
hard worker	person
worker	person
hard worker	worker
consummation	closing
working capital	assets
capital	asset
private eye	police officer
eye	officer
patrician	boss
patrician	bos
language	verbal expression
language	expression
osteocyte	somatic cell
osteocyte	cell
osteocyte	constituent
osteocyte	bone cell
universal suffrage	franchise
suffrage	franchise
universal suffrage	suffrage
pusher	vendor
pusher	network host
pusher	host
pusher	product marketing
pusher	marketing
pusher	move
pusher	passenger transport
pusher	transport
pusher	wheeled vehicle
pusher	vehicle
pusher	shooter game
pusher	game
pusher	seller
pusher	marketer
pusher	traveling
pusher	transportation
pusher	vender
pusher	movement
pusher	dealer
pusher	computer software
pusher	software
senior status	technical specification
status	specification
health facility	public building
facility	building
health facility	constructed structure
facility	structure
midfield	calculation
chronicler	bookman
chronicler	intellectual
mackerel	food fish
mackerel	fish
mackerel	saltwater fish
mackerel	seafood
affectionateness	emotionality
affectionateness	emotionalism
affectionateness	affect
neurologist	caregiver
penis bone	os
bone	o
penis bone	organ
bone	organ
headquarters	facility
window	pane of glass
window	pane
window	peripheral device
window	device
window	sheet
window	sheet glass
window	glass
window	period of time
window	period
window	display
window	plate glass
window	flat glass
window	time period
window	panel
loot	money
loot	stolen property
loot	property
surf	wave
surf	sport
giantess	giant
giantess	deity
giantess	monster
day	time unit
day	unit
day	calendar day
day	working time
day	time
day	standard
day	rate
day	time standard
day	unit of time
day	fundamental measure
day	measure
day	work time
day	dimensionless quantity
day	quantity
day	time period
day	period
day	period of time
temperament	measuring
temperament	calibration
temperament	emotionality
temperament	emotionalism
temperament	measure
temperament	readjustment
temperament	magnitude
temperament	standardisation
temperament	registration
temperament	adjustment
restitution	reparation
restitution	financial compensation
restitution	compensation
restitution	repair
restitution	spending
restitution	mending
restitution	cost
restitution	expenditure
restitution	recompense
restitution	payment
doeskin	leatherworker
doeskin	animal product
doeskin	product
vision	stimulus
vision	mental image
vision	image
cisc	data processor
cisc	processor
cisc	computer architecture
cisc	architecture
diner	person
diner	eating house
diner	house
diner	foodservice
diner	restaurant
release	person
release	ending
vigour	strength
vigour	sprightliness
vigour	level
vigour	specifications
vigour	specification
vigour	invigoration
vigour	spiritedness
vigour	liveliness
vigour	grade
vigour	animation
vigour	intensiveness
vigour	spirit
hand drill	cutting tool
hand	tool
hand drill	drill
hand	drill
hand drill	cutter
hand	cutter
hand drill	drill press
hand	press
hand drill	cutting implement
hand	implement
hand drill	machine tool
public service	person
service	person
public service	juridical person
public service	service
public service	concern
service	concern
cricopharyngeus	body part
cricopharyngeus	part
cricopharyngeus	musculus
cricopharyngeus	contractor
nonage	time period
nonage	period
nonage	period of time
chaldron	volume unit
chaldron	unit
door	architectural element
door	element
door	barrier
door	entryway
door	entrance
door	passage
door	obstruction
door	entry
door	entranceway
thunder	sound
thunder	noise
consumption	body process
consumption	process
workforce	job market
workforce	market
workforce	market place
workforce	place
victimization	adversity
victimization	mistreatment
victimization	bad luck
victimization	luck
victimization	tough luck
victimization	fate
nutrient	tum
annual general meeting	meeting
annual general meeting	group meeting
nonsmoker	railway car
nonsmoker	car
nonsmoker	railway carriage
nonsmoker	carriage
nonsmoker	railroad car
nonsmoker	travelling
nonsmoker	transport
switcher	motion
switcher	land vehicle
switcher	vehicle
switcher	locomotive
road rage	hostility
rage	hostility
road rage	aggression
rage	aggression
road rage	rage
appearing	attending
platform	adp system
platform	system
platform	level
gene	nucleic acid sequence
gene	sequence
commodity	article of commerce
commodity	article
commodity	asset
designation	finding
designation	choice
designation	selection
designation	choosing
designation	conclusion
tonne	weight unit
tonne	unit
tonne	metric unit
version	point of reference
version	point
version	interpretation
version	rendering
version	interpreting
version	rendition
version	constituent
envelopment	intromission
rap music	music genre
rap music	musical style
specular reflection	reflexion
reflection	reflexion
mask	clothing
mask	hiding
mask	garb
mask	clothes
sou	debt instrument
sou	instrument
sou	legal tender
sou	tender
sou	note of hand
sou	note
sou	coin
snow	h2o
snow	drug
afterlife	time period
afterlife	period
afterlife	period of time
volcanic rock	igneous rock
volcanic rock	rock
inch	imperial units
inch	unit
inch	english units
inch	imperial system
inch	system
inch	metric
inch	unit of length
inch	linear unit
inch	system of measurement
inch	british system
inch	linear measure
inch	measure
multistage rocket	engine
rocket	engine
multistage rocket	aircraft engine
multistage rocket	atmosphere
rocket	atmosphere
multistage rocket	combustion
rocket	combustion
multistage rocket	transportation
rocket	transportation
multistage rocket	burning
rocket	burning
multistage rocket	turbomachine
rocket	turbomachine
multistage rocket	mode of transport
rocket	mode
multistage rocket	propulsion
rocket	propulsion
multistage rocket	rocket engine
multistage rocket	mechanism
rocket	mechanism
multistage rocket	motion
rocket	motion
multistage rocket	conveyance
rocket	conveyance
multistage rocket	motor
rocket	motor
multistage rocket	heat engine
multistage rocket	turbine
rocket	turbine
multistage rocket	movement
rocket	movement
multistage rocket	weapon system
rocket	system
multistage rocket	rocket motor
southwestward	spatial relation
southwestward	relation
conviction	judgement
lithium	antipsychotic drug
lithium	drug
lithium	recreational drug use
lithium	use
lithium	environment
lithium	metallicity
lithium	alloy
lithium	downer
telecommunications	transmission
telecommunication	transmission
telecommunications	transmission channel
telecommunication	channel
telecommunications	channel
progeria	specifications
progeria	specification
progeria	disease
emergence	arrival
ten thousand	whole number
thousand	number
ten thousand	natural number
ten thousand	integer
thousand	integer
diabetic nephropathy	illness
nephropathy	illness
diabetic nephropathy	medical research
nephropathy	research
diabetic nephropathy	sickness
nephropathy	sickness
diabetic nephropathy	diagnosing
nephropathy	diagnosing
diabetic nephropathy	disease
nephropathy	disease
diabetic nephropathy	nephropathy
diabetic nephropathy	diagnosis
nephropathy	diagnosis
diabetic nephropathy	renal disorder
nephropathy	disorder
diabetic nephropathy	pathology
nephropathy	pathology
phase	magnitude
phase	wave
radon	noble gas
radon	gas
hillock	hill
hillock	natural elevation
hillock	elevation
scrutiny	recording
scrutiny	perception
scrutiny	tv program
scrutiny	program
scrutiny	look
scrutiny	enquiry
scrutiny	series
scrutiny	looking
scrutiny	tv show
scrutiny	show
scrutiny	investigation
scrutiny	television show
scrutiny	investigating
scrutiny	inquiry
scrutiny	looking at
groundnut	edible nut
groundnut	nut
groundnut	plant
groundnut	plant structure
groundnut	structure
groundnut	structural biology
groundnut	biology
groundnut	engineering
groundnut	seed
groundnut	plant part
groundnut	part
hacksaw	sawing machine
hacksaw	machine
hacksaw	sawblade
hacksaw	saw
hacksaw	power tool
hacksaw	tool
hacksaw	hand tool
fuse	igniter
fuse	microcomputer
fuse	electrical conductance
fuse	conductance
fuse	electronic component
fuse	component
fuse	party
fuse	resistor
mangonel	weapon
mangonel	mechanism
mangonel	projectile
inheritance	transferred property
inheritance	property
alb	vestment
alb	clothes
flocculation	natural process
flocculation	process
exponent	person
exponent	intellectual
form	category
form	mould
form	data file
form	file
form	political economy
form	economy
form	specifications
form	specification
form	model
lost cause	effort
cause	effort
lost cause	venture
cause	venture
lost cause	project
cause	project
coma	unconsciousness
coma	illness
coma	pathological state
coma	state
coma	disease
coma	sickness
street	thoroughfare
street	pike
street	thruway
street	state highway
street	turnpike
pedagogue	tertiary source
pedagogue	source
deoxyribonucleic acid	acid
deoxyribonucleic acid	nucleic acid
editorial	news story
editorial	story
editorial	piece of work
editorial	piece
geode	nodule
geode	sedimentary structures
geode	structure
plumbing fixtures	fixture
height	database
height	measurement
photolithography	lithography
life history	literary work
history	work
life history	book
history	book
camlet	textile
camlet	cloth
camlet	clothing
camlet	fabric
camlet	clothes
draft	slot
draft	write-up
draft	sketch
draft	mechanical assembly
draft	assembly
draft	pharmaceutical drug
draft	drug
draft	dosage
draft	illustration
sandbox	cast
sandbox	toy
sandbox	fundamental measure
sandbox	measure
sapote	plant
sparerib	costa
sparerib	cut of meat
sparerib	cut
sparerib	primal cut
livery	clothing
livery	clothes
livery	dress
livery	uniform
railroad	venture
intramuscular injection	medical aid
injection	aid
intramuscular injection	health care
injection	care
intramuscular injection	injection
intramuscular injection	treatment
injection	treatment
manufacturing	task
manufacturing	commodity production
manufacturing	production
homeless	person
homeless	unfortunate person
radish	root vegetable
radish	vegetable
miscarriage of justice	legal opinion
miscarriage	opinion
miscarriage of justice	natural virtue
miscarriage	virtue
miscarriage of justice	philosophy
miscarriage	philosophy
etymologizing	string of words
etymologizing	string
etymologizing	language
cementation	chemical action
cementation	action
gorget	protective covering
gorget	covering
center	sales outlet
center	outlet
center	physical property
center	property
center	locus
center	dimensional analysis
center	analysis
center	infinite
center	contestant
guest house	housing
guest house	lodging
guest house	living accommodations
dionysia	festival
horseshoer	artisan
horseshoer	person
headshot	photograph
headshot	drawing
authoress	person
tank	transportation
tank	constructed structure
tank	structure
tank	armoured vehicle
tank	vehicle
tank	self-propelled vehicle
tank	passenger transport
tank	transport
tank	vessel
tank	information system
tank	system
tank	armored vehicle
tank	data system
tank	mode of transport
tank	mode
tank	combat vehicle
tank	means of transportation
tank	mean
tank	means of transport
tank	land vehicle
tank	carriage
tank	station
tank	tracked vehicle
tank	military vehicle
vigabatrin	drug
surprise	amazement
surprise	move
hound	carnivore
hound	dogness
hound	animal
architecture	prose
tendentiousness	tendency
coast	slope
coast	shore
coast	visual image
coast	image
coast	incline
coast	scene
preaching	public speaking
preaching	speaking
preaching	talking to
preaching	speech
preaching	speechmaking
preaching	lecture
preaching	talk
repair	problem solving
repair	problem
contrast agent	medium
agent	medium
insemination	manufacture
rep	politician
rep	lawmaker
rep	congresswoman
rep	member of parliament
rep	member
rep	person
rep	member of congress
rep	political leader
rep	leader
rep	congressman
rep	lawgiver
rep	legislator
downtime	electronic device
downtime	device
downtime	state of matter
downtime	state
downtime	electronic equipment
downtime	equipment
downtime	period of time
downtime	period
downtime	time period
metropolitan area	agglomeration
area	agglomeration
downfall	observable
downfall	natural phenomenon
downfall	phenomenon
downfall	failure
accolade	social function
accolade	function
accolade	observance
accolade	social occasion
accolade	occasion
business software	computer program
software	program
business software	computer code
software	code
business software	computer software
business software	software package
software	package
business software	software application
software	application
business software	software program
business software	application program
business software	computer programme
software	programme
pill	medicine
pill	dose
pill	technical specification
pill	specification
pill	dosage
lift	specialisation
lift	guided transport
lift	transport
lift	rising
lift	communications system
lift	system
lift	lifting equipment
lift	equipment
lift	assist
lift	specialty
immurement	killer
immurement	ending
immurement	judgement
immurement	confinement
immurement	final decision
immurement	decision
immurement	killing
immurement	judgment
immurement	penalty
immurement	final judgment
immurement	death
immurement	cause of death
immurement	cause
immurement	conviction
immurement	due process
immurement	process
immurement	penalisation
immurement	penalization
immurement	putting to death
immurement	state
immurement	punishment
sod	grass
sod	person
tutsan	plant
immodesty	perversion
yardage	distance
yardage	spatial relation
yardage	relation
yardage	spatial arrangement
yardage	arrangement
regeneration	fix
regeneration	natural process
regeneration	process
turquoise	facies
turquoise	colour
rue	thruway
rue	constructed structure
rue	structure
rue	flavouring
rue	seasoning
rue	seed plants
rue	plant
rue	throughway
rue	main road
rue	road
rue	freeway
rue	sadness
rue	base
rue	developed country
rue	country
rue	unhappiness
golden rule	regulation
rule	regulation
golden rule	rule
golden rule	guideline
serpent	reptilian
serpent	reptile
mouse	electronic device
mouse	device
topping	garnish
seal	endnote
seal	mammal
seal	animal
bye-election	ballot
bye-election	election
observation	measuring
observation	moving picture
observation	picture
observation	habit
observation	judgement
shelter	constructed structure
shelter	structure
shelter	public building
shelter	building
shelter	protection
shelter	protective cover
shelter	cover
shelter	lodging
shelter	housing
shelter	edifice
shelter	living accommodations
shelter	accommodation
shelter	safety
shelter	protective covering
shelter	covering
shelter	security
syllabication	division
syllabication	separation
payoff	lawbreaking
payoff	law-breaking
patent	perquisite
disc	calculation
disc	transmission channel
disc	channel
disc	storage
disc	rotating mechanism
disc	mechanism
disc	electronic device
disc	device
disc	memory device
variety	difference
ecosystem	environment
ecosystem	environment variable
ecosystem	variable
ecosystem	entirety
ecosystem	habitat
ecosystem	city
ecosystem	biotic community
ecosystem	community
ecosystem	surround
ecosystem	microenvironment
climate	state
climate	weather
prefix	free morpheme
prefix	morpheme
supernaturalism	unnaturalness
excitement	motion
excitement	rousing
excitement	state
excitement	joyousness
excitement	joyfulness
excitement	joy
excitement	emotional arousal
excitement	arousal
wiper motor	mechanical assembly
motor	assembly
wiper motor	mechanism
motor	mechanism
wiper motor	motor
valedictorian	scholar
valedictorian	person
cricketer	sport
human rights	principle
right	principle
human rights	right
stake	support
stake	sign
stake	right
stake	share
watershed	juncture
watershed	single-valued function
watershed	function
watershed	reckoning
watershed	locus
rollercoaster	guided transport
rollercoaster	transport
rollercoaster	constructed structure
rollercoaster	structure
rollercoaster	railway track
rollercoaster	track
rollercoaster	move
rollercoaster	transport infrastructure
rollercoaster	infrastructure
rollercoaster	mechanical assembly
rollercoaster	assembly
rollercoaster	traveling
rollercoaster	rail track
rollercoaster	rail
rollercoaster	corporation
rollercoaster	travel
rollercoaster	mechanism
rollercoaster	rail line
rollercoaster	line
rollercoaster	elevated railroad
rollercoaster	railroad
rollercoaster	travelling
rollercoaster	movement
rollercoaster	train track
rollercoaster	rails
rollercoaster	motorway
rollercoaster	mode of transport
rollercoaster	mode
rollercoaster	runway
rollercoaster	railway line
rollercoaster	bar
rollercoaster	means of transport
rollercoaster	mean
rollercoaster	ride
rollercoaster	amusement ride
rollercoaster	carrier
rollercoaster	route
crooner	person
crooner	nickname
crooner	singer
balsam	malady
balsam	disorder
mallet	rubber
mallet	implement
mallet	hammer
mallet	hand tool
mallet	tool
selection	deciding
selection	human language
selection	language
turn	show
turn	reorientation
turn	fashioning
turn	motion
turn	motility
turn	rotary motion
turn	change of course
turn	change
turn	change of direction
turn	rotation
turn	movement
mug	silverware
mug	face
mug	cup
mug	recipient
postdoc	grant
postdoc	bookman
postdoc	investigation
postdoc	researcher
postdoc	scholar
postdoc	person
bothy	edifice
bothy	shelter
confederation	state
writing	piece of work
writing	piece
writing	written language
writing	language
writing	body of work
writing	body
writing	written communication
writing	communication
writing	text
basin	figuring
basin	fitting
basin	plumbing fixture
basin	fixture
basin	plumbing equipment
basin	equipment
keyboardist	musician
keyboardist	person
scabies	infectious disease
scabies	disease
scabies	illness
unification	technical specification
unification	specification
unification	state
queenfish	teleost fish
queenfish	fish
queenfish	animal
blindfold	cloth covering
blindfold	cloth
ruby	rock
ruby	incarnadine
ruby	stone
ruby	gem
steward	deck department
steward	department
steward	person
steward	attendant
steward	crewman
corpus delicti	cite
delicti	cite
corpus delicti	contract
delicti	contract
corpus delicti	evidence
delicti	evidence
phone call	telecommunication
call	telecommunication
phone call	call
phone call	oral communication
call	communication
logotype	picture
logotype	emblem
logotype	figure
management	social control
management	control
management	administration
human migration	movement
migration	movement
human migration	migration
sapphire	stone
sapphire	gem
baguette	foodstuff
baguette	french bread
baguette	bread
tarheel	american
tarheel	inhabitant
tarheel	person
freethought	rationalism
freethought	school of thought
freethought	school
zimbabwean	african
zimbabwean	person
acquittance	criminal charge
acquittance	charge
acquittance	legal document
acquittance	document
violet	colour
violet	plant
academic year	time period
academic year	period of time
palm	muscular tissue
palm	tissue
palm	woody plant
palm	plant
palm	organ
palm	angiosperm
palm	unit of length
palm	unit
palm	linear unit
palm	surface
maverick	person
maverick	nonconformist
maverick	young
maverick	political activist
maverick	activist
maverick	protester
maverick	animal
pod	plant
pod	vessel
pod	container
wood	aerophone
wood	instrument
wood	musical instrument
wood	wind instrument
wood	resource
wood	tissue
hostile fire	warfare
hostile fire	military action
hostile fire	fire
hostile fire	onslaught
hostile fire	firing
fire	firing
hostile fire	military operation
fire	operation
hostile fire	assault
hostile fire	attack
hostile fire	war
hostile fire	dispute
fire	dispute
macedonia	dish
macedonia	salad
macedonia	dessert
misfire	breakdown
misfire	failure
misfire	equipment failure
health economics	economics
health economics	economic science
economics	science
picture	work of art
picture	work
picture	artwork
decomposition	text file
decomposition	file
decomposition	software package
decomposition	package
decomposition	area of mathematics
decomposition	area
decomposition	analysis
decomposition	state
decomposition	separation
decomposition	phenomenon
need	necessary
need	essential
need	state
hallelujah	song
hallelujah	praise
hallelujah	worship
hallelujah	shout
burr oak	oak tree
oak	tree
burr oak	plant
oak	plant
burr oak	oak
burr oak	woody plant
burr oak	white oak
burr oak	oak wood
oak	wood
sport	social event
sport	event
sport	competition
sport	olympic sport
sport	group event
cell culture	culture
cell culture	cultivation
culture	cultivation
driving	maneuver
driving	guidance
driving	movement
driving	traveling
driving	travelling
boundary	degree
boundary	edge
boundary	limit
trade	transaction
trade	exchange
trade	dealing
trade	commercial activity
trade	activity
trade	business activity
tax	levy
tax	liability
tax	possession
flipper	appendage
flipper	limb
flipper	shoe
flipper	footwear
flipper	extremity
flipper	body part
flipper	part
cabin	public building
cabin	building
cabin	edifice
cabin	constructed structure
cabin	structure
cabin	compartment
covering	manual labour
covering	labour
covering	artifact
wagoner	person
wagoner	driver
wagoner	worker
police	government agency
police	agency
colonial	occupier
colonial	resident
colonial	occupant
colonial	inhabitant
colonial	person
lag	spline
lag	delay
lag	interval
lag	time interval
lag	slat
lag	strip
environmental psychology	interdisciplinary research
psychology	research
environmental psychology	research
environmental psychology	psychology
clerid	beetle
clerid	insect
clerid	animal
independent	person
independent	freelancer
independent	worker
color	category
color	charge
color	magnitude
color	appearance
color	feature
color	characteristic
doldrums	optical phenomenon
doldrums	phenomenon
doldrums	weather
doldrums	state
doldrums	physical phenomenon
wand	implement
wand	rod
wand	staff
wand	twig
wand	instrument
stem-cell research	scientific research
stem-cell research	biological research
stem-cell research	research
gatekeeper	person
gatekeeper	guard
gatekeeper	worker
deposit	warranty
deposit	installation
deposit	money
deposit	accrual
deposit	accruement
deposit	cost
deposit	outgo
deposit	buildup
deposit	outlay
deposit	monetary fund
deposit	fund
deposit	guarantee
sphinx	legendary creature
sphinx	creature
sphinx	work of art
sphinx	work
sphinx	visual art
sphinx	art
sphinx	figure
sphinx	art of sculpture
sphinx	mythic creature
sphinx	solid figure
sphinx	shape
sphinx	legendary animal
sphinx	animal
sphinx	statue
sphinx	fabulous creature
sphinx	mythical creature
sphinx	sculpture
theme	picture
theme	text
theme	textual matter
theme	matter
theme	methodology
theme	inquiry
theme	fault
theme	entry
theme	melody
theme	method
theme	icon
robber	person
robber	criminal
robber	stealer
mother	older adult
mother	adult
mother	woman
mother	ascendant
mother	parent
mother	adult female
mother	female
mother	relative
mother	female animal
mother	animal
test	attempt
test	try
test	experiment
test	educational assessment
test	assessment
test	thought process
test	process
test	experimentation
burning	chemical reaction
burning	reaction
burning	final judgment
burning	judgment
burning	capital punishment
burning	punishment
burning	execution
burning	physical punishment
burning	killing
burning	conclusion
burning	phenomenon
burning	physical phenomenon
sigma	letter
sigma	sign
sigma	grapheme
sigma	graphic symbol
sigma	symbol
waistcoat	clothing
waistcoat	cloth
waistcoat	coat
dual carriageway	freeway
carriageway	freeway
dual carriageway	infrastructure
carriageway	infrastructure
dual carriageway	transport infrastructure
dual carriageway	carriageway
dual carriageway	motorway
carriageway	motorway
dual carriageway	roadway
carriageway	roadway
mentor	person
mentor	intellect
mentor	intellectual
mentor	guide
mentor	leader
terawatt	measure
terawatt	power unit
terawatt	unit
scouter	boy scout
scouter	scout
scouter	male child
scouter	child
scouter	person
round	applause
round	oscillation
round	musical work
round	work
round	time interval
round	interval
round	reinforcement
round	mechanical assembly
round	assembly
round	projectile
round	contestant
round	devising
round	movement
round	golf game
round	game
washing	soap
washing	clothing
binder	connecter
binder	mechanism
binder	connector
binder	attachment
binder	protective covering
binder	covering
binder	glue
editor in chief	editor
editor in chief	worker
editor	worker
editor in chief	person
editor	person
editor in chief	application
editor	application
collage	composition
collage	graphic art
collage	art
collage	picture
collage	icon
intermittent claudication	claudication
intermittent claudication	disorder
claudication	disorder
intermittent claudication	sickness
claudication	sickness
intermittent claudication	disability
claudication	disability
intermittent claudication	impairment
claudication	impairment
intermittent claudication	handicap
claudication	handicap
particle physics	branch of science
physic	branch
particle physics	physics
particle physics	research
physic	research
happening	show
happening	occurrent
source	medium
source	facility
source	person
source	sign
source	inspiration
source	signal
source	mark
source	written document
source	document
source	piece of work
source	piece
source	natural action
source	action
source	natural process
source	process
bounty hunter	traveler
hunter	traveler
bounty hunter	hunter
bounty hunter	person
hunter	person
bounty hunter	chaser
hunter	chaser
parliament	legislative body
parliament	body
formula	calculation
formula	mathematical process
formula	process
formula	mathematical operation
formula	operation
formula	computation
formula	mathematical notation
formula	notation
formula	mathematical statement
formula	statement
formula	procedure
general contractor	contractor
general contractor	builder
contractor	builder
general contractor	person
contractor	person
general contractor	party
contractor	party
road	base
road	passage
denial-of-service attack	attack
denial-of-service attack	cyber attack
denial-of-service attack	maneuver
attack	maneuver
denial-of-service attack	plan
attack	plan
denial-of-service attack	intrusion
attack	intrusion
acre	parcel of land
acre	parcel
acre	measure
psychokinesis	psychic phenomenon
psychokinesis	phenomenon
psychokinesis	psychic communication
psychokinesis	communication
rebel	person
rebel	radical
rebel	revolutionary
rebel	controversialist
rebel	disputant
metre	technical specification
metre	specification
metre	rhythmicity
metre	specifications
metre	metric
metre	beat level
metre	level
metre	metric unit
metre	unit
metre	sound property
metre	property
metre	unit of length
metre	beat
metre	musical time
metre	time
metre	rhythmic pattern
metre	pattern
metre	linear measure
metre	measure
cereal	herb
cereal	grass
cereal	plant
cereal	herbaceous plant
clopidogrel bisulfate	medicine
bisulfate	medicine
clopidogrel bisulfate	pharmaceutical drug
bisulfate	drug
clopidogrel bisulfate	medicinal drug
clopidogrel bisulfate	drug
hakim	person
hakim	medical practitioner
hakim	practitioner
hakim	governor
hakim	physician
hakim	believer
veratrum	plant
veratrum	aromatic plant
veratrum	herb
veratrum	herbaceous plant
flyswatter	pest control
flyswatter	control
flyswatter	instrument
cobblestone	rock
cobblestone	paving stone
cobblestone	stone
cobblestone	building material
cobblestone	material
joystick	expansion card
joystick	card
joystick	hardware
joystick	electrical device
joystick	device
joystick	computer hardware
joystick	control
joystick	lever
joystick	mechanism
flavivirus	virus
flavivirus	pathogen
flavivirus	infective agent
flavivirus	agent
flavivirus	microorganism
coiner	cheater
coiner	person
coiner	worker
coiner	deceiver
coiner	cheat
coiner	beguiler
cell death	natural phenomenon
death	phenomenon
cell death	death
cell death	organic phenomenon
cell death	phenomenon
cell death	physical phenomenon
flood	natural disaster
flood	disaster
flood	flow
flood	tide
flood	geological phenomenon
flood	phenomenon
flood	natural phenomenon
flood	physical phenomenon
island	zone
island	surface
voyager	traveler
voyager	traveller
voyager	person
voyager	mechanical assembly
voyager	assembly
voyager	mechanism
shoe	case
shoe	protective covering
shoe	covering
shoe	footgear
shoe	footwear
vice president	administrator
vice president	title
vice president	title of respect
vice president	form of address
president	form
vice president	person
president	person
vice president	decision maker
vice president	corporate title
vice president	senior management
vice president	leader
white coat	coat
money	standard
money	wealth
money	possession
snag	microhabitat
snag	gap
snag	obstacle
snag	check
snag	opening
snag	bulge
snag	bump
snag	protuberance
snag	plant
snag	split
snag	tear
horsehair	mineral fiber
horsehair	fiber
horsehair	animal fiber
horsehair	fabric
horsehair	cloth
horsehair	textile
owner	businessman
owner	man of affairs
owner	man
owner	capitalist
stomach	organ
stomach	appetence
stomach	body part
stomach	part
stomach	internal organ
stomach	liking
stomach	appetite
stomach	inclination
sunshine	electromagnetic wave
sunshine	wave
sunshine	optical phenomenon
sunshine	phenomenon
sunshine	natural phenomenon
sunshine	visible light
sunshine	light
sunshine	atmospheric phenomenon
sunshine	frequency spectrum
sunshine	spectrum
sunshine	electromagnetic radiation
sunshine	radiation
sunshine	weather condition
sunshine	condition
sunshine	atmospheric condition
sunshine	physical phenomenon
carting	haulage
carting	road transport
carting	transport
carting	contest
carting	trucking
carting	transportation
carting	transaction
stepper	actuator
stepper	motor
stepper	instrument
stepper	dancer
stepper	entertainer
stepper	person
nuclear power plant	power plant
nuclear power plant	plant
nuclear power plant	constructed structure
plant	structure
nuclear power plant	facility
plant	facility
nuclear power plant	station
plant	station
nuclear power plant	installation
plant	installation
nuclear power plant	powerhouse
plant	powerhouse
warrantor	person
warrantor	patron
warrantor	supporter
warrantor	sponsor
stack	packaging
stack	packing
stack	pile
stack	storage device
stack	device
stack	chimney
stack	list
stack	instrument
ewe	sheep
ewe	bovid
ewe	artiodactyla
ewe	ungulate
ewe	animal
ewe	mammal
behaviourism	psychological science
behaviourism	science
behaviourism	psychology
behaviourism	method
behaviourism	approach
pecan	woody plant
pecan	plant
pecan	wood
pecan	plant material
pecan	material
pecan	nut
pecan	seed
tropopause	layer
tropopause	zone
tropopause	boundary
republic	political system
republic	system
republic	political organisation
republic	organisation
republic	form of government
republic	form
republic	governing
hometown	town
petition	asking
petition	request
search engine	engine
search engine	application software
engine	software
search engine	software package
engine	package
search engine	software application
engine	application
search engine	software program
engine	program
search engine	application program
search engine	information retrieval
engine	retrieval
search engine	applications programme
search engine	applications software
search engine	computer program
search engine	software
search engine	computer software
gift shop	shop
gift shop	outlet store
gift shop	outlet
shop	outlet
gift shop	retail
shop	retail
gift shop	retail store
gift shop	business establishment
shop	establishment
sanctuary	shelter
hornist	musician
hornist	entertainer
kid	person
kid	offspring
kid	relative
kid	juvenile
kid	leather
kid	animal skin
kid	skin
kid	animal product
kid	product
skepticism	unbelief
skepticism	doubt
skepticism	state
skepticism	incertitude
left	relative direction
left	direction
left	organ
left	extremity
left	faction
matador	person
matador	bullfighter
matador	entertainer
taka	monetary unit
taka	unit
apartment	housing
apartment	lodging
apartment	accommodation
plate	silverware
plate	sheet
plate	flat solid
plate	solid
plate	flatware
plate	tableware
plate	layer
plate	crust
naturalist	scholar
naturalist	life scientist
naturalist	scientist
naturalist	intellectual
naturalist	person
naturalist	scholarly person
naturalist	philosopher
naturalist	student
naturalist	biologist
smut	carbon
smut	profanity
smut	disease
smut	fungus
smut	utterance
giro	check
giro	bank check
giro	order of payment
giro	order
giro	draft
giro	instrument
giro	financial institution
giro	institution
advocacy	support
advocacy	aid
advocacy	assistance
advocacy	assist
advocacy	help
baronetcy	title
baronetcy	rank
wear	deterioration
wear	decay
wear	impairment
imposture	misconduct
imposture	misrepresentation
imposture	dissimulation
imposture	falsification
stratum	layer
inverse distance weighting	formula
weighting	formula
inverse distance weighting	code
weighting	code
inverse distance weighting	algorithm
weighting	algorithm
inverse distance weighting	method
weighting	method
inverse distance weighting	procedure
weighting	procedure
inverse distance weighting	calculation
weighting	calculation
pilot	person
pilot	worker
pilot	television show
pilot	show
pilot	gas jet
pilot	jet
pilot	frame
pilot	burner
pilot	aviator
pilot	moving-picture show
aquamarine	stone
aquamarine	spectral color
aquamarine	color
aquamarine	bluish green
aquamarine	green
aquamarine	beryl
aquamarine	primary color
aquamarine	blueness
aquamarine	teal
aquamarine	rock
aquamarine	pebble
aquamarine	spectral colour
aquamarine	colour
aquamarine	gemstone
aquamarine	tectosilicate
par	specifications
par	specification
par	score
bunionectomy	swelling
bunionectomy	deformity
bunionectomy	protuberance
bunionectomy	enlargement
waviness	curvature
waviness	curve
waviness	shape
waviness	form
waviness	configuration
limousine	transportation
limousine	car
limousine	land vehicle
limousine	vehicle
limousine	passenger transport
limousine	transport
limousine	wheeled vehicle
limousine	motor vehicle
limousine	mode of transport
limousine	mode
bar	table
bar	measurement
bar	pressure unit
bar	unit
bar	measure
bar	counter
bar	implement
bar	instrument
bar	block
bar	support
bar	barrier
bar	obstruction
bar	obstacle
brutalisation	wrongful conduct
brutalisation	conduct
brutalisation	misconduct
brutalisation	state
brutalisation	wrongdoing
brutalisation	degradation
eternity	interval
eternity	state
special forces	military unit
force	unit
special forces	division
force	division
special forces	army unit
special forces	military group
force	group
annals	journal
annals	book
annals	periodical
minute	time period
minute	period
minute	note
minute	time unit
minute	unit
minute	interval
minute	time interval
minute	standard
minute	time standard
minute	unit of time
minute	measure
minute	period of time
tectonic uplift	ascension
uplift	ascension
tectonic uplift	uplift
tectonic uplift	geological process
uplift	process
tectonic uplift	movement
uplift	movement
tectonic uplift	physical phenomenon
uplift	phenomenon
tectonic uplift	natural phenomenon
tectonic uplift	phenomenon
subsidy	gift
subsidy	grant
subsidy	aid
subsidy	economic aid
subsidy	financial aid
subsidy	assistance
advancement	development
advancement	move
advancement	expansion
advancement	improvement
advancement	motion
advancement	movement
gateway	entrance
gateway	entryway
gateway	passage
gateway	way
gateway	entry
gateway	entranceway
flag	fault
flag	signal
flag	tail
flag	portrayal
flag	emblem
flag	figure
flag	decoration
nude	person
nude	painting
emancipation	release
emancipation	freeing
emancipation	liberation
plume	adornment
plume	decoration
plume	body covering
plume	body
lightning rod	rod
lightning rod	conductor
rod	conductor
lightning rod	electrical device
rod	device
lightning rod	instrument
rod	instrument
chromatography	natural action
chromatography	action
chromatography	natural process
chromatography	process
chromatography	chemical process
chromatography	procedure
chromatography	method
jerky	meat
jerky	food product
jerky	product
solfege	singing
solfege	vocal music
solfege	music
solfege	musical performance
solfege	performance
flooding	danger
flooding	disaster
flooding	tragedy
flooding	therapy
flooding	psychotherapy
flooding	medical aid
flooding	aid
flooding	treatment
flooding	intervention
mongoose	mammal
mongoose	carnivore
mongoose	animal
shift	movement
shift	working time
shift	time
shift	time period
shift	period
shift	period of time
shift	crack
shift	alteration
reaction	bodily process
reaction	process
reaction	chemical process
reaction	natural process
reaction	physical phenomenon
reaction	phenomenon
reaction	natural phenomenon
zabaglione	dessert
zabaglione	food product
zabaglione	product
zabaglione	dish
chuck steak	cut
steak	cut
chuck steak	steak
chuck steak	meat
steak	meat
chuck steak	cut of beef
chuck steak	food product
steak	product
chuck steak	dish
steak	dish
electorate	citizenry
dealer	merchant
dealer	card player
dealer	player
dealer	contestant
dealer	person
dealer	businessman
dealer	capitalist
dealer	firm
dealer	enterprise
leger	write-up
leger	book
paraffin	macromolecule
paraffin	wax
paraffin	lipid
supervision	social control
supervision	control
supervision	management
supervision	administration
supervision	direction
diadem	adornment
diadem	piece of jewellery
diadem	piece
diadem	gear
diadem	crown jewel
diadem	jewel
diadem	headdress
spats	fashion accessory
spat	accessory
spats	legging
spat	legging
spats	clothing
spat	clothing
spats	accessory
quercus ilex	oak
ilex	oak
quercus ilex	oak tree
ilex	tree
quercus ilex	plant
ilex	plant
quercus ilex	woody plant
digester	autoclave
digester	mechanism
digester	vessel
digester	instrument
housing	equipment
housing	public building
housing	building
housing	protection
housing	constructed structure
housing	structure
housing	protective covering
housing	covering
pob	wadding
pob	box
pob	compartment
pob	space
inland revenue	government agency
revenue	agency
inland revenue	department
revenue	department
inland revenue	government department
brachydactyly	anomaly
brachydactyly	pathological state
brachydactyly	state
brachydactyly	imperfection
brachydactyly	clinical symptom
brachydactyly	symptom
minke whale	whale
minke whale	cetacean
whale	cetacean
minke whale	aquatic mammal
whale	mammal
minke whale	mammal
minke whale	animal
whale	animal
hacker	person
hacker	coder
hacker	computer user
hacker	user
hacker	programmer
hacker	computer programmer
hacker	technologist
potassium iodide	crystal
iodide	crystal
potassium iodide	salt
iodide	salt
potassium iodide	inorganic compound
iodide	compound
potassium iodide	iodide
flooring	building material
flooring	material
flooring	horizontal surface
flooring	surface
school building	public building
school building	constructed structure
building	structure
dishwater	h2o
dishwater	fluid
compiler	person
compiler	coding system
compiler	system
compiler	software
compiler	application
compiler	application software
compiler	software application
compiler	software program
compiler	program
compiler	computer program
wicketkeeper	cricketer
wicketkeeper	person
wicketkeeper	competitor
wicketkeeper	sportsperson
wicketkeeper	athlete
wicketkeeper	jock
wicketkeeper	contestant
smallpox virus	poxvirus
virus	poxvirus
smallpox virus	animal virus
smallpox virus	virus
smallpox virus	microorganism
virus	microorganism
smallpox virus	pathogen
virus	pathogen
board	committee
board	commission
board	lumber
board	building material
board	material
board	display
board	instrument
board	surface
board	electric circuit
board	circuit
board	computer circuit
rail	barrier
rail	obstruction
rail	bar
rail	rail transportation
rail	transportation
rail	land transport
rail	transport
rail	move
rail	passenger transport
rail	rail transport
rail	mode of transport
rail	mode
rail	means of transportation
rail	mean
rail	means of transport
rail	carrier
sphygmomanometer	manometer
sphygmomanometer	pressure gauge
sphygmomanometer	gauge
sphygmomanometer	measuring instrument
sphygmomanometer	instrument
sphygmomanometer	mechanical assembly
sphygmomanometer	assembly
telescope	magnifier
telescope	scientific instrument
telescope	instrument
eversion	motility
eversion	motion
calumniation	disrespect
calumniation	discourtesy
calumniation	disparagement
calumniation	treatment
anal sex	sex act
anal sex	sexual intercourse
anal sex	intercourse
anal sex	sexual practice
anal sex	body process
sex	process
anal sex	sexual activity
capsule	dose
capsule	spacecraft
capsule	vehicle
capsule	container
capsule	medicinal drug
capsule	drug
capsule	tab
capsule	pharmaceutical drug
capsule	medicament
capsule	pill
capsule	dosage form
capsule	form
capsule	means of transportation
capsule	mean
capsule	tablet
capsule	seed plants
capsule	plant
capsule	summary
capsule	equipment
capsule	medicine
capsule	dosage
perry	alcohol
perry	fluid
perry	alcoholic drink
perry	drink
perry	alcoholic beverage
perry	beverage
detour	way
detour	thruway
detour	thoroughfare
detour	route
detour	transport infrastructure
detour	infrastructure
detour	throughway
slicker	jacket
slicker	outerwear
slicker	overgarment
slicker	coat
slicker	bad person
slicker	person
slicker	textile
slicker	cloth
slicker	fabric
rematch	repetition
rematch	recurrent event
rematch	event
rematch	repeat
rematch	periodic event
rematch	happening
groundwater	h2o
groundwater	fluid
ringtone	sound
ringtone	ring
ringtone	acoustic wave
ringtone	wave
anticlimax	fall
anticlimax	descent
anticlimax	weakening
anticlimax	downfall
anticlimax	transformation
anticlimax	conclusion
dioxide	oxide
dioxide	metal oxide
ethanal	aldehyde
dance	fine art
dance	art
dance	social affair
dance	affair
dance	party
dance	group event
dance	event
margin	deposit
margin	payment
margin	profit
margin	shape
margin	boundary
margin	edge
margin	magnitude
margin	cost
margin	net income
margin	income
margin	financial gain
margin	gain
margin	space
margin	discrepancy
margin	difference
ranch	constructed structure
ranch	structure
ranch	farm
ranch	workplace
ranch	locale
ranch	rural settlement
ranch	settlement
palette	plate armor
palette	armor
palette	plate armour
palette	armour
palette	scope
palette	range
palette	extent
palette	board
palette	sheet
palette	plate
palette	shield
posey	flower
posey	arrangement
posey	bouquet
posey	floral arrangement
tenpence	coin
tenpence	metal money
tenpence	money
tenpence	debt instrument
tenpence	instrument
tenpence	bill
tenpence	note
tenpence	write-up
tenpence	promissory note
tenpence	legal tender
tenpence	tender
tenpence	written document
tenpence	document
tenpence	mintage
tenpence	negotiable instrument
tenpence	coinage
tenpence	obligation
tenpence	note of hand
straw man	abstract thought
man	abstract
straw man	nonargument
man	nonargument
straw man	reasoning
man	reasoning
straw man	method
man	method
straw man	argument
man	argument
straw man	figure
man	figure
straw man	person
man	person
straw man	effigy
man	effigy
hurt	pathological state
hurt	state
hurt	pain
hurt	damage
seamster	shaper
seamster	company
seamster	juridical person
seamster	person
seamster	worker
laburnum	biological group
laburnum	group
peasant	person
peasant	labourer
peasant	worker
peasant	laborer
peasant	employee
article	prose
article	story
article	written document
article	document
article	piece of work
article	piece
article	determiner
article	function word
article	word
article	linguistic unit
article	unit
financial aid	transferred property
aid	property
financial aid	gift
aid	gift
financial aid	aid
financial aid	financial gain
aid	gain
financial aid	gain
financial aid	assistance
aid	assistance
hovel	shelter
hovel	edifice
hovel	constructed structure
hovel	structure
conversion	transformation
conversion	happening
conversion	calculation
conversion	computation
conversion	recovery
conversion	retrieval
zephyr	current of air
zephyr	wind
zephyr	phenomenon
zephyr	natural phenomenon
zephyr	atmospheric phenomenon
zephyr	air current
zephyr	air
zephyr	weather condition
zephyr	condition
spare	portion
spare	component
spare	score
make	composing
make	arrangement
make	kind
make	form
make	sort
make	category
pumpkin	squash
pumpkin	vine
pumpkin	plant
pumpkin	vegetable
pumpkin	veggie
nonreader	farce
nonreader	student
nonreader	enrollee
nonreader	person
nonreader	illiterate
shamrock	trifolium
shamrock	aromatic plant
shamrock	plant
shamrock	clover
shamrock	herb
shamrock	trefoil
lappet	outgrowth
lappet	connective tissue
lappet	tissue
lappet	caruncle
lappet	body part
lappet	part
lappet	moth
lappet	insect
lappet	animal
incandescence	electromagnetic wave
incandescence	wave
incandescence	luminance
incandescence	brightness
incandescence	luminosity
incandescence	emission spectrum
incandescence	spectrum
incandescence	radiation
incandescence	emission line
incandescence	line
incandescence	visible radiation
incandescence	visible light
incandescence	light
incandescence	luminousness
incandescence	electromagnetic radiation
incandescence	release
incandescence	natural phenomenon
incandescence	phenomenon
linkage	connection
linkage	joining
linkage	connexion
linkage	attachment
linkage	inheritance
linkage	mechanical system
linkage	system
linkage	instrument
deputy	person
deputy	leader
deputy	politician
deputy	assistant
engram	memory
engram	trace
brownie	cake
brownie	foodstuff
brownie	cookie
brownie	sweet
brownie	cooky
brownie	dessert
brownie	biscuit
brownie	food product
brownie	product
brownie	scout
brownie	person
authentication	validation
authentication	proof
authentication	discovery
authentication	marker
authentication	signal
grant	right
grant	agreement
grant	allocation
grant	economic aid
grant	aid
grant	apportionment of seats
grant	apportionment
grant	parcelling
grant	quotation
grant	acknowledgment
grant	gift
grant	contract
grant	credit
grant	allotment
grant	financial aid
grant	international aid
grant	transferred property
grant	property
grant	international assistance
grant	assistance
nail	fixing
nail	fastener
nail	bodily structure
nail	structure
nail	body part
nail	part
nail	linear unit
nail	unit
nail	definite quantity
nail	quantity
stonecutter	worker
stonecutter	person
mark	impression
mark	technical specification
mark	specification
mark	figure
mark	defect
mark	evidence
mark	depiction
mark	clue
mark	signal
mark	representational process
mark	process
mark	sign
mark	reference point
mark	point
mark	point of reference
mark	visual aspect
mark	aspect
mark	indicator
mark	appearance
mark	monetary unit
mark	person
mark	indication
mark	indicant
mark	written symbol
mark	symbol
prexy	chief
prexy	administrator
prexy	person
prexy	leader
prexy	president
prexy	academic administrator
website	text file
website	file
website	medium
website	electrical appliance
website	appliance
website	computer
district court	court of law
district court	court
district court	lawcourt
court	lawcourt
district court	court of justice
violin	string instrument
violin	instrument
violin	string
violin	bowed instrument
violin	stringed instrument
violin	bowed string instrument
violin	musical instrument
streptomyces	bacterium
streptomyces	actinomycete
streptomyces	eubacterium
streptomyces	microorganism
frame	supporting structure
frame	structure
frame	picture
frame	net
frame	method
placebo effect	outcome
effect	outcome
placebo effect	effect
placebo effect	phenomenon
effect	phenomenon
bridge	tabletop game
bridge	game
bridge	architectural element
bridge	element
bridge	constructed structure
bridge	structure
bridge	prosthetic device
bridge	device
bridge	denture
bridge	dental appliance
bridge	appliance
bridge	horizontal surface
bridge	surface
bridge	anatomical structure
bridge	restorative
bridge	connection
bridge	walkway
bridge	path
bridge	stock
run batted in	score
run	score
run batted in	run
run batted in	statistic
run	statistic
run batted in	definite quantity
run	quantity
run batted in	success
run	success
staff	personnel
staff	rod
staff	stick
staff	instrument
20th century	long time
20th century	interval
20th century	century
20th century	time interval
20th century	time period
20th century	period of time
impromptu	work of art
impromptu	work
impromptu	address
impromptu	speech
impromptu	passage
impromptu	musical passage
impromptu	musical composition
impromptu	composition
gate	passageway
gate	passage
gate	way
gate	semiconducting material
gate	material
gate	movable barrier
gate	barrier
gate	computer circuit
gate	circuit
gate	electrical circuit
debenture	possession
debenture	liability
debenture	resource
debenture	certificate
debenture	agreement
debenture	debt instrument
debenture	instrument
debenture	financial instrument
debenture	asset
debenture	bond certificate
debenture	written agreement
debenture	debt
debenture	bond
personal check	bank check
personal check	bill of exchange
personal check	written document
personal check	cheque
personal check	check
personal check	order of payment
foreign policy	principle
policy	principle
foreign policy	policy
foreign policy	strategy
policy	strategy
foreign policy	argument
policy	argument
attempt	offense
attempt	offence
attempt	voluntary action
attempt	action
attempt	law-breaking
attempt	crime
attempt	transgression
shogunate	political organization
shogunate	organization
shogunate	form of government
shogunate	form
shogunate	government
shogunate	administration
shogunate	governance
shogunate	political system
shogunate	system
shogunate	religious ritual
logical thinking	thinking
logical thinking	cerebration
thinking	cerebration
logical thinking	mentation
thinking	mentation
logical thinking	thought process
thinking	process
logical thinking	intellection
thinking	intellection
sixpence	write-up
sixpence	negotiable instrument
sixpence	instrument
sixpence	coin
sixpence	specie
sixpence	legal tender
sixpence	tender
foster-child	nipper
foster-child	person
foster-child	child
foster-child	minor
foster-child	juvenile
savoy	plant
savoy	white cabbage
savoy	cabbage
savoy	cruciferous vegetable
savoy	vegetable
savoy	veggie
savoy	veg
milkwort	plant
milkwort	perennial
milkwort	subshrub
milkwort	woody plant
grid	facility
grid	installation
grid	mathematical operation
grid	operation
grid	wire
grid	conductor
grid	lead
grid	sheet
grid	cutlery
grid	silverware
grid	durable good
grid	utensil
grid	instrument
archeologist	anthropologist
archeologist	social scientist
archeologist	scientist
archeologist	person
annual report	report
annual report	written document
report	document
annual report	annual publication
report	publication
annual report	periodical
report	periodical
annual report	piece of work
report	piece
breeze	current of air
breeze	atmospheric phenomenon
breeze	phenomenon
breeze	atmospheric condition
breeze	condition
breeze	air current
breeze	air
breeze	weather condition
breeze	natural phenomenon
breeze	wind
breeze	current
sunspot	marking
sunspot	observable
sunspot	phenomenon
sunspot	natural phenomenon
sunspot	physical phenomenon
assist	movement
assist	move
ideal	abstract object
ideal	object
ideal	model
exposition	interpretation
exposition	explanation
exposition	account
exposition	written communication
exposition	communication
exposition	display case
exposition	case
flowage	filling
flowage	natural action
flowage	action
flowage	flow
flowage	natural process
flowage	process
flowage	body of water
flowage	body
notion	view
permanent magnet	magnet
permanent magnet	instrument
magnet	instrument
breakfast	meal
breakfast	repast
counterpane	bedding
counterpane	bed clothing
counterpane	clothing
counterpane	cloth covering
counterpane	cloth
counterpane	bedclothes
spokesman	person
spokesman	proponent
spokesman	advocate
spokesman	interpreter
ox	cow
ox	work animal
ox	animal
ox	cattle
ox	bovine
ox	mammal
streetcar	guided transport
streetcar	transport
streetcar	transportation
streetcar	public transit
streetcar	transit
streetcar	wheeled vehicle
streetcar	vehicle
streetcar	mass transit
streetcar	urban rail transit
streetcar	railway system
streetcar	system
streetcar	mode of transport
streetcar	mode
streetcar	means of transportation
streetcar	mean
streetcar	land vehicle
streetcar	public transport
streetcar	transportation system
streetcar	car
overhead	cost
overhead	figure
overhead	expense
overhead	outgo
overhead	time interval
overhead	interval
overhead	measure
overhead	space
overhead	foil
cash	money
cash	payment
cash	cost
cash	spending
commuter rail	public transport
commuter rail	public transit
rail	transit
commuter rail	transport
commuter rail	rail
commuter rail	railroad train
rail	train
subtropics	climate classification
subtropics	classification
subtropics	climatic zone
subtropics	zone
subtropics	climate zone
subtropics	geographic area
subtropics	area
emulator	software program
emulator	program
emulator	software package
emulator	package
emulator	software
emulator	application
emulator	application software
emulator	computer program
emulator	software application
glutton	eater
glutton	consumer
glutton	person
glutton	mammal
glutton	carnivore
glutton	animal
newsprint	storage medium
newsprint	medium
newsprint	paper
damages	expenditure
damage	expenditure
damages	compensation
damage	compensation
damages	recompense
damage	recompense
damages	payment
damage	payment
damages	cost
damage	cost
acceptance	help
acceptance	permissiveness
acceptance	assistance
acceptance	agreement
acceptance	support
acceptance	relief
acceptance	aid
army	military
army	armed service
army	service
army	personnel
army	military service
acanthocephalan	worm
acanthocephalan	animal
award	gift
award	possession
award	apportioning
award	ceremonial
award	grant
award	ceremony
slop	soil
slop	waste product
slop	product
slop	waste
slop	trash
slop	garbage
slop	feed
slop	mud
devotion	commitment
devotion	state
devotion	worship
devotion	prayer
preserve	confiture
preserve	sphere
preserve	environment
preserve	reservation
silhouette	outline
silhouette	boundary
silhouette	drawing
silhouette	visual art
silhouette	art
dunce cap	hat
cap	hat
dunce cap	cap
dunce cap	headdress
cap	headdress
dunce cap	clothing
economic policy	principle
economic policy	policy
economic policy	strategy
economic policy	argument
status epilepticus	epilepsy
epilepticus	epilepsy
status epilepticus	brain disorder
epilepticus	disorder
status epilepticus	brain disease
epilepticus	disease
status epilepticus	neurological disorder
status epilepticus	disorder
status epilepticus	disease
status epilepticus	illness
epilepticus	illness
open-source software development	software development
open-source software development	product development
open-source software development	development
studio	workplace
studio	apartment
studio	flat
studio	housing
viniculture	horticulture
viniculture	culture
viniculture	cultivation
viniculture	task
sharecropper	agricultural labourer
sharecropper	labourer
sharecropper	farmer
sharecropper	worker
sharecropper	workman
sharecropper	person
offense	immorality
offense	anger
offense	misconduct
offense	warfare
offense	military action
offense	action
offense	difference of opinion
offense	difference
offense	anti-social behaviour
offense	behaviour
offense	war
offense	injustice
offense	wrongdoing
offense	wrongful conduct
offense	conduct
offense	ire
autoresponder	software program
autoresponder	program
autoresponder	software package
autoresponder	package
autoresponder	software
autoresponder	application
autoresponder	application software
autoresponder	computer program
autoresponder	software application
frond	leaf sheath
frond	sheath
frond	plant part
frond	part
frond	plant structure
frond	structure
frond	leaf
frond	foliage
frond	plant organ
frond	organ
service	task
service	assistance
service	delivery
service	figuring
service	conveyance
service	computer programme
service	programme
service	utility
roe	ovum
roe	germ cell
roe	cell
roe	reproductive cell
roe	egg cell
roe	sex cell
roe	egg
roe	sea animal
roe	animal
credit	indicator
credit	data file
credit	file
credit	approximation
credit	cost
credit	approval
credit	entry
credit	debt
chapter	written communication
chapter	communication
chapter	episode
chapter	stage
chapter	time period
chapter	period
chapter	period of time
parkway	roadway
parkway	infrastructure
parkway	constructed structure
parkway	structure
parkway	thoroughfare
parkway	transport infrastructure
parkway	main road
parkway	road
parkway	freeway
parkway	way
parkway	superhighway
parkway	controlled-access highway
parkway	highway
parkway	expressway
handful	indefinite quantity
handful	quantity
handful	measure
compact disc	disk
disc	disk
compact disc	optical disk
compact disc	memory device
compact disc	memory
disc	memory
compact disc	recording
disc	recording
compact disc	instrument
disc	instrument
rabble-rouser	chief
rabble-rouser	politician
rabble-rouser	political leader
rabble-rouser	leader
rabble-rouser	person
hooded cloak	outerwear
cloak	outerwear
hooded cloak	overcoating
cloak	overcoating
hooded cloak	overgarment
cloak	overgarment
hooded cloak	coat
cloak	coat
hooded cloak	overcoat
cloak	overcoat
hooded cloak	coating
cloak	coating
hooded cloak	cloak
hooded cloak	jacket
cloak	jacket
hooded cloak	outer garment
cloak	garment
hooded cloak	clothing
cloak	clothing
deposition	interrogation
deposition	examination
deposition	request
deposition	questioning
deposition	accruement
deposition	natural process
deposition	process
deposition	increase
urolith	stone
urolith	concretion
urolith	rock
herb tea	drinkable
herb tea	tea
herb tea	drink
herb tea	fluid
herb tea	beverage
oil well	well
oil well	excavation
well	excavation
oil well	hole
well	hole
oil well	shaft
well	shaft
conspiracy	agreement
conspiracy	plot
conspiracy	plan
conspiracy	scheme
conspiracy	strategy
conspiracy	plan of action
conspiracy	wrongful act
conspiracy	act
conspiracy	unlawfulness
conspiracy	offense
conspiracy	misdemeanor
conspiracy	understanding
convenience	comfort
convenience	interaction
convenience	facility
convenience	commode
convenience	crapper
convenience	stool
convenience	urinal
convenience	plumbing fixture
convenience	fixture
convenience	privy
convenience	potty
convenience	plumbing equipment
convenience	equipment
convenience	restroom
convenience	pot
pula	monetary unit
pula	unit
pula	money
pula	definite quantity
pula	quantity
casserole	dish
casserole	dishware
casserole	crockery
casserole	container
casserole	instrument
slating	roofing
slating	roofing material
slating	material
slating	building material
slating	criticism
slating	disapproval
whiteness	skin colour
whiteness	colour
whiteness	visual property
whiteness	property
record label	trade name
record label	company
label	company
record label	corporation
label	corporation
record label	firm
label	firm
record label	enterprise
label	enterprise
record label	partnership
label	partnership
record label	juridical person
label	person
record label	brand
record label	division
label	division
record label	trademark
antenna	electrical device
antenna	device
antenna	instrument
antenna	body part
antenna	part
antenna	tentacle
antenna	outgrowth
questionnaire	written document
questionnaire	document
questionnaire	form
questionnaire	paper
questionnaire	written communication
questionnaire	communication
wingspread	distance
wingspread	gap
wingspread	interval
wingspread	size
wingspread	length
male	gender identity
male	identity
male	person
male	animal
henbit	herb
henbit	dead nettle
henbit	nettle
henbit	herbaceous plant
henbit	plant
henbit	aromatic plant
duke	noble
duke	nobleman
duke	aristocrat
duke	leader
duke	person
duke	peer
duke	title
duke	form of address
duke	form
affection	affect
affection	state
chauvinism	fidelity
chauvinism	patriotism
chauvinism	nationalism
chauvinism	social control
chauvinism	control
chauvinism	sexism
chauvinism	discrimination
family therapy	tending
therapy	tending
family therapy	group therapy
family therapy	medical aid
therapy	aid
family therapy	health care
therapy	care
family therapy	therapy
family therapy	treatment
therapy	treatment
family therapy	aid
family therapy	care
family therapy	intervention
therapy	intervention
handshake	software program
handshake	program
handshake	acknowledgment
handshake	rite
handshake	negotiation
fox	carnivore
fox	canidae
fox	deceiver
fox	animal
fox	mammal
human	primate
human	mammal
human	animal
antioxidant	inhibitor
antioxidant	food additive
antioxidant	additive
persecution	mistreatment
persecution	maltreatment
persecution	ill-treatment
persecution	abuse
persecution	ill-usage
persecution	treatment
prepositional phrase	word string
phrase	string
prepositional phrase	phrase
prepositional phrase	string of words
prepositional phrase	grammatical construction
phrase	construction
prepositional phrase	expression
phrase	expression
prepositional phrase	syntagm
phrase	syntagm
shirt	top
shirt	clothing
panorama	visual percept
panorama	percept
panorama	visual image
panorama	image
panorama	picture
synthesis	intellection
synthesis	natural process
synthesis	process
synthesis	chemical process
synthesis	natural phenomenon
synthesis	phenomenon
synthesis	reasoning
synthesis	thinking
synthesis	logical thinking
synthesis	abstract thought
synthesis	abstract
adult	person
adult	animal
autograph	written communication
autograph	communication
autograph	write-up
autograph	evidence
autograph	written document
autograph	document
autograph	signature
spelt	triticum
spelt	wheat
spelt	cereal
spelt	cereal grass
spelt	grass
spelt	herb
spelt	herbaceous plant
spelt	plant
follow-on	innings
follow-on	inning
follow-on	turn
copywriter	person
copywriter	worker
copywriter	employee
copywriter	writer
quantum mechanics	quantum physics
quantum mechanics	physics
quantum mechanics	branch
mechanic	branch
quantum mechanics	scientific discipline
mechanic	discipline
bladder cancer	cancer
bladder cancer	malignant tumor
bladder cancer	tumor
bladder cancer	growth
cancer	growth
bladder cancer	pathology
cancer	pathology
bladder cancer	clinical diagnosis
bladder cancer	malignancy
bladder cancer	pathological state
cancer	state
bladder cancer	disorder
cancer	disorder
bladder cancer	anatomical pathology
bladder cancer	illness
bladder cancer	disease
cancer	disease
jade	crystal
jade	horsie
jade	spectral colour
jade	colour
jade	primary color
jade	color
jade	rock
jade	aggregate
jade	gem
jade	precious stone
jade	stone
jade	gemstone
jade	horse
natural resources	resource
natural resources	assets
resource	asset
natural resources	source
resource	source
natural resources	possession
resource	possession
gradation	rank
gradation	language unit
gradation	unit
gradation	linguistic unit
gradation	technical specification
gradation	specification
gradation	measure
actor	person
actor	entertainer
actor	worker
softball	ball
softball	competition
softball	team sport
softball	sport
softball	ball game
softball	game
softball	game equipment
softball	equipment
softball	ballgame
softball	contest
softball	athletic game
plasma	body fluid
plasma	fluid
plasma	biofluid
plasma	phenomenon
plasma	state of matter
plasma	state
plasma	natural phenomenon
plasma	physical phenomenon
pseudogout	disorder
pseudogout	disease
pseudogout	sickness
larder	warehouse
larder	supply
punishment	social control
punishment	control
credit card	card
credit card	credit
card	credit
credit card	consumer credit
credit card	assets
card	asset
credit card	possession
card	possession
validity	legality
validity	lawfulness
validity	credibility
bank	slope
bank	financial institution
bank	institution
bank	financial gain
bank	gain
bank	lucre
bank	profit
bank	net income
bank	income
bank	deposit
bank	facility
bank	installation
subpoena	judicial writ
subpoena	writ
subpoena	legal document
subpoena	document
subpoena	official document
subpoena	written document
subpoena	method
throw	propulsion
throw	actuation
throw	opportunity
throw	chance
throw	possibility
throw	movement
throw	motion
throw	animal locomotion
throw	locomotion
malediction	condemnation
malediction	curse
malediction	auditory communication
malediction	communication
malediction	thaumaturgy
malediction	spoken communication
malediction	speech
malediction	oral communication
malediction	voice communication
malediction	speech communication
malediction	magic spell
malediction	spell
medalist	winner
medalist	victor
medalist	contestant
medalist	person
medalist	participant
gdbserver	software program
gdbserver	program
gdbserver	software package
gdbserver	package
gdbserver	software
gdbserver	application
gdbserver	application software
gdbserver	computer program
gdbserver	software application
petty officer	person
petty officer	noncommissioned officer
petty officer	military rank
officer	rank
petty officer	non-commissioned officer
petty officer	enlisted officer
petty officer	soldier
officer	soldier
petty officer	military man
officer	man
petty officer	military
officer	military
petty officer	combatant
officer	combatant
petty officer	enlisted person
covenant	agreement
covenant	written agreement
covenant	legal document
covenant	document
covenant	acknowledgment
covenant	understanding
flavour	sensation
flavour	perception
flavour	taste
flavour	experience
flavour	state
flavour	atmosphere
flavour	definite quantity
flavour	quantity
character	written symbol
character	symbol
character	imaginary being
character	person
character	role
character	persona
character	portrayal
character	law of nature
character	law
character	proper class
character	class
preparation	undertaking
aldicarb	insect powder
aldicarb	powder
aldicarb	insecticide
aldicarb	pesticide
fagopyrum	triticum
fagopyrum	wheat
fagopyrum	cereal
fagopyrum	cereal grass
fagopyrum	grass
fagopyrum	herb
fagopyrum	herbaceous plant
fagopyrum	plant
retirement benefit	credit
benefit	credit
retirement benefit	benefit
retirement benefit	agreement
benefit	agreement
retirement benefit	pension
benefit	pension
retirement benefit	payment
benefit	payment
retirement benefit	regular payment
retirement benefit	contribution
benefit	contribution
retirement benefit	quotation
benefit	quotation
pastry cook	cook
pastry cook	head cook
pastry cook	head chef
cook	chef
pastry cook	worker
cook	worker
pastry cook	person
cook	person
possession	control
possession	exclusive right
possession	right
possession	state
subway	tunnel
subway	mode of transport
subway	mode
subway	conveyance
subway	way
subway	infrastructure
subway	transport infrastructure
subway	railroad
subway	railway line
subway	line
subway	carrier
subway	railway
subway	railway system
subway	system
redundancy check	substantiation
check	substantiation
redundancy check	verification
check	verification
redundancy check	check
redundancy check	method
check	method
redundancy check	procedure
check	procedure
redundancy check	proof
check	proof
blastomere	cell
snatch	fragment
snatch	genitalia
snatch	female genitals
snatch	genitals
snatch	genital organ
snatch	organ
snatch	seizure
snatch	capture
success	happening
success	good fortune
success	fortune
success	prosperity
hospital	medical institution
hospital	institution
hospital	public building
vicarious liability	secondary liability
vicarious liability	liability
vicarious liability	obligation
liability	obligation
vicarious liability	responsibility
liability	responsibility
real estate	constructed structure
estate	structure
real estate	estate
real estate	holding
estate	holding
real estate	possession
estate	possession
kinetic theory	explanation
theory	explanation
kinetic theory	theory
kinetic theory	scientific theory
kinetic theory	insight
theory	insight
austral	money
austral	monetary unit
austral	unit
austral	definite quantity
austral	quantity
maharaja	prince
maharaja	noble
maharaja	nobleman
maharaja	aristocrat
maharaja	leader
maharaja	person
maharaja	peer
maharaja	title
maharaja	form of address
maharaja	form
foolishness	inability
foolishness	stupidity
foolishness	unintelligence
foolishness	mistake
foolishness	error
foolishness	fault
slugger	baseball player
slugger	player
slugger	athlete
slugger	competitor
slugger	ballplayer
slugger	sportsperson
slugger	battler
slugger	person
assistance	possession
assistance	asset
assistance	supply
assistance	resource
assistance	gift
ultramicroscope	scientific instrument
ultramicroscope	instrument
ultramicroscope	microscope
ultramicroscope	optical microscope
ultramicroscope	magnifier
outfit	uniform
outfit	attire
outfit	dress
outfit	clothing
retrieval	remembering
retrieval	memory
jeopardy	danger
jeopardy	possibility
jeopardy	source
rabidity	exuberance
rabidity	enthusiasm
rabidity	animation
northwester	wind
northwester	air
northwester	current of air
northwester	current
northwester	phenomenon
northwester	atmospheric phenomenon
northwester	weather condition
northwester	condition
imputation	attribution
imputation	accusation
imputation	charge
imputation	complaint
watercraft	ship transport
watercraft	transport
watercraft	vessel
watercraft	vehicle
watercraft	mode of transport
watercraft	mode
standard	capacity measure
standard	measure
standard	basis
standard	criterion
standard	ideal
standard	reference
chaff	plant fiber
chaff	fiber
chaff	sheet
chaff	byproduct
chaff	mixture
chaff	plant fibre
chaff	fibre
chaff	plant substance
chaff	substance
notebook computer	computing device
computer	device
notebook computer	data processor
computer	processor
notebook computer	information processing system
computer	system
notebook computer	electrical load
computer	load
notebook computer	household appliance
computer	appliance
notebook computer	appliance
notebook computer	pc
computer	pc
notebook computer	instrument
computer	instrument
notebook computer	computer
green olive	olive
green olive	plant
olive	plant
green olive	seasoning
olive	seasoning
green olive	veggie
olive	veggie
green olive	flavoring
olive	flavoring
green olive	flavouring
olive	flavouring
green olive	veg
olive	veg
green olive	flowering tree
olive	tree
green olive	vegetable
olive	vegetable
green olive	woody plant
strangulation	asphyxiation
strangulation	compression
strangulation	killing
strangulation	termination
strangulation	disorder
gelatin	protein
gelatin	treat
gelatin	macromolecule
gelatin	membrane
pervert	person
pervert	miscreant
pervert	offender
smuggler	felon
smuggler	criminal
smuggler	outlaw
smuggler	person
smuggler	miscreant
smuggler	offender
rowlock	holding device
rowlock	device
rowlock	holder
rowlock	instrument
open proxy server	proxy server
open proxy server	service
server	service
open proxy server	software program
server	program
open proxy server	software package
server	package
open proxy server	software
server	software
open proxy server	application
server	application
open proxy server	application software
open proxy server	computer program
open proxy server	software application
gluon	boson
gluon	subatomic particle
gluon	particle
open source	software development
source	development
open source	software
source	software
open source	license
source	license
open source	permit
source	permit
open source	contract
source	contract
open source	computer code
source	code
noble	aristocrat
noble	person
noble	peer
noble	patrician
noble	leader
newsletter	report
newsletter	communication medium
newsletter	medium
newsletter	mass medium
newsletter	news report
newsletter	story
newsletter	account
newsletter	periodical
proposal	offering
proposal	offer
heller	trouble maker
heller	maker
heller	person
heller	monetary unit
heller	unit
heller	definite quantity
heller	quantity
heller	coin
heller	troubler
impression	portrayal
impression	aspect
impression	visual aspect
impression	appearance
impression	image
impression	picture
impression	concavity
impression	shape
impression	concave shape
suffragette	suffragist
suffragette	advocate
suffragette	person
inherited disease	disorder
disease	disorder
inherited disease	disease
inherited disease	sickness
oviduct	tube
oviduct	body structure
oviduct	structure
oviduct	anatomical structure
oviduct	body part
oviduct	part
oviduct	bodily structure
oviduct	reproductive organ
oviduct	organ
blockade	military action
blockade	action
blockade	obstruction
blockade	obstacle
marine	military man
marine	man
marine	soldier
marine	enlisted person
marine	person
marine	military
marine	combatant
university	educational institution
university	institution
forum	webpage
forum	website
forum	site
forum	service
forum	public square
forum	square
forum	meeting
forum	facility
forum	installation
ground	granular material
ground	material
ground	rational motive
ground	motive
ground	reason
editor	software program
editor	program
editor	software package
editor	package
editor	software
editor	application software
editor	computer program
editor	software application
note	written record
note	record
note	written account
note	account
note	letter
note	text
note	financial statement
note	statement
note	musical notation
note	notation
note	tone
note	tone of voice
note	folding money
note	money
note	paper money
note	commentary
flow	motion
flow	movement
flow	move
flow	rate
flow	natural process
flow	process
flow	bodily function
flow	function
flow	magnitude relation
flow	relation
flow	natural action
flow	action
rhizome	outgrowth
rhizome	stalk
rhizome	stem
rhizome	plant organ
rhizome	organ
rhizome	plant structure
rhizome	structure
threat	declaration
threat	warning
threat	making known
threat	danger
threat	person
bowhead whale	baleen whale
bowhead whale	marine mammal
bowhead whale	whale
bowhead whale	aquatic mammal
bowhead whale	mammal
bowhead whale	animal
bowhead whale	cetacean
gegenschein	light
gegenschein	visible light
gegenschein	visible radiation
gegenschein	radiation
gegenschein	ionising radiation
gegenschein	physical phenomenon
gegenschein	phenomenon
gegenschein	natural phenomenon
recission	cancellation
recission	override
recission	procedure
riptide	current
riptide	tide
riptide	flow
riptide	phenomenon
riptide	natural phenomenon
riptide	motion
riptide	turbulence
riptide	physical phenomenon
riptide	turbulency
literature	written communication
literature	communication
literature	narrative mode
literature	mode
literature	narration
literature	literary work
literature	work
literature	work of art
literature	fiction
literature	tale
literature	piece of work
literature	piece
literature	narrative
literature	literary study
literature	study
literature	literary composition
literature	composition
dejection	body waste
dejection	waste
dejection	excretion
dejection	waste product
dejection	product
dejection	junk
dejection	depression
dejection	state
blazonry	heraldry
blazonry	emblem
blazonry	figure
blazonry	decoration
blazonry	image
blazonry	picture
oligoastrocytoma	brain tumor
oligoastrocytoma	tumor
oligoastrocytoma	cancer
oligoastrocytoma	malady
oligoastrocytoma	illness
oligoastrocytoma	sickness
oligoastrocytoma	pathological state
oligoastrocytoma	state
oligoastrocytoma	disease
oligoastrocytoma	disorder
oligoastrocytoma	pathology
ninepence	coin
ninepence	money
ninepence	monetary unit
ninepence	unit
ninepence	definite quantity
ninepence	quantity
ninepence	negotiable instrument
ninepence	instrument
ninepence	coinage
taxi	automotive vehicle
taxi	vehicle
taxi	car
taxi	wheeled vehicle
taxi	automobile
taxi	land vehicle
taxi	transportation
taxi	motor vehicle
lunchtime	time of day
lunchtime	time
lunchtime	clock time
lunchtime	hour
buffer	storage
buffer	memory
buffer	storage device
buffer	device
buffer	memory device
buffer	instrument
buffer	zone
buffer	framework
buffer	frame
buffer	supporting structure
buffer	structure
buffer	hand tool
buffer	tool
rockfish	aquatic vertebrate
rockfish	vertebrate
rockfish	animal
rockfish	actinopterygian
rockfish	bony fish
rockfish	fish
rockfish	sea animal
rockfish	marine creature
rockfish	creature
rockfish	bass
rockfish	sea bass
potter	craftsman
potter	artisan
potter	worker
potter	person
plumbing	utility
plumbing	facility
plumbing	installation
beef	meat
beef	cow
beef	cattle
beef	bovine
beef	animal
conglomerate	rock
conglomerate	stone
conglomerate	corporation
conglomerate	company
conglomerate	venture
conglomerate	enterprise
poundage	expense
poundage	charge
poundage	cost
poundage	outgo
poundage	fee
poundage	weight
poundage	physical property
poundage	property
flattop	ship transport
flattop	transport
flattop	haircut
flattop	hairdo
flattop	hairstyle
flattop	haircutting
flattop	transportation
flattop	trend
flattop	hair style
flattop	style
flattop	passenger transport
flattop	hair styling
flattop	hair
flattop	watercraft
flattop	vehicle
flattop	vessel
flattop	ship
flattop	military unit
flattop	unit
flattop	mode of transport
flattop	mode
antibody	biomolecule
antibody	protein
discharge	conduction
discharge	heat transfer
discharge	transfer
discharge	electrical breakdown
discharge	breakdown
discharge	bodily process
discharge	process
discharge	due process
discharge	body process
troll	lore
troll	mythical monster
troll	monster
troll	mythical being
troll	mythical creature
troll	creature
troll	imaginary being
troll	imaginary creature
troll	person
restrictiveness	qualifying
restrictiveness	modification
restrictiveness	grammatical relation
restrictiveness	relation
greywacke	stone
greywacke	sandstone
greywacke	rock
greywacke	sedimentary rock
kazak	language
kazak	turkic language
kazak	person of color
kazak	person
kazak	turkic
kazak	human language
kazak	ural-altaic
kazak	turki
gold coin	stamp
coin	stamp
gold coin	metal money
coin	money
gold coin	money
gold coin	coinage
coin	coinage
gold coin	coin
sodium borohydride	inorganic compound
borohydride	compound
arm	limb
arm	extremity
arm	appendage
arm	division
arm	projection
arm	instrument
arm	body part
arm	part
arm	armrest
arm	rest
arm	support
pomegranate	plant
pomegranate	flowering tree
pomegranate	tree
pomegranate	perennial
pomegranate	edible fruit
pomegranate	fruit
pomegranate	woody plant
infrastructure	composition
infrastructure	spending
infrastructure	cost
infrastructure	financial gain
infrastructure	gain
infrastructure	technical specification
infrastructure	specification
infrastructure	physical composition
infrastructure	income
infrastructure	profit
infrastructure	net income
seminar	conference
seminar	group event
seminar	event
seminar	course of study
seminar	course
seminar	course of instruction
seminar	meeting
seminar	group meeting
comic	entertainer
comic	person
comic	work of art
comic	work
comic	creative work
nutrition	scientific discipline
nutrition	discipline
eponychium	stratum
eponychium	layer
eponychium	skin
eponychium	tissue
eponychium	membrane
eponychium	animal tissue
eponychium	body part
eponychium	part
vegetarian	person
vegetarian	eater
vegetarian	consumer
vegetarian	user
pungency	spiciness
pungency	spicery
pungency	taste
pungency	wit
pungency	humor
lemon verbena	native plant
verbena	plant
lemon verbena	plant
aftermath	consequence
aftermath	effect
aftermath	outcome
aftermath	phenomenon
aftermath	result
aftermath	resultant
aftermath	final result
truth	actuality
truth	state
truth	fact
honesty	righteousness
white water	waterway
water	waterway
white water	current
water	current
white water	foam
water	foam
white water	rapid
water	rapid
white water	turbulence
water	turbulence
molecule	molecular entity
molecule	entity
molecule	chemical group
molecule	group
hypostasis	bodily process
hypostasis	process
hypostasis	body process
hero	person
hero	leader
hero	fictitious character
hero	character
hero	defender
hero	fictional character
hero	protector
hero	combatant
grenadilla	plant
cast	container
cast	instrument
cast	shape
cast	appearance
cast	bandage
cast	patch
cast	throw
granularity	raggedness
granularity	roughness
granularity	texture
flare	muscular tissue
flare	tissue
flare	burning
flare	fire
flare	energy
flare	visual communication
flare	communication
flare	emission
flare	combustion
flare	chemical action
flare	action
flare	reflection
flare	flaming
flare	fly ball
flare	ball
flare	chemical change
flare	change
flare	attack
flare	flame
flare	solar radiation
flare	radiation
flare	outburst
flare	natural process
flare	process
evolutionary biologist	biologist
evolutionary biologist	life scientist
biologist	scientist
evolutionary biologist	academic
biologist	academic
evolutionary biologist	intellectual
biologist	intellectual
evolutionary biologist	person
biologist	person
smoke	plant product
smoke	product
smoke	drug
smoke	plant substance
smoke	substance
smoke	vapor
smoke	physical phenomenon
smoke	phenomenon
smoke	natural phenomenon
smoke	natural process
smoke	process
smoke	air pollutant
smoke	pollutant
smoke	marijuana
smoke	vapour
smoke	tobacco
smoke	cloud
smoke	environmental pollution
smoke	pollution
yesterday	24-hour interval
yesterday	interval
yesterday	twenty-four hour period
yesterday	period
yesterday	day
yesterday	time interval
yesterday	period of time
cap	top
cap	instrument
cap	headwear
provision	mention
provision	stock
provision	store
provision	fund
provision	stipulation
provision	premise
umber	colour
umber	spectral colour
umber	pigment
umber	coloring material
umber	material
domain	environment
domain	state
domain	abstract object
domain	object
domain	proper class
domain	class
accreditation	business process
accreditation	process
accreditation	certification
accreditation	authorization
accreditation	management
accreditation	procedure
lie detector	medical instrument
detector	instrument
lie detector	polygraph
detector	polygraph
lie detector	instrument
pipeline	duct
pipeline	tubing
pipeline	tube
pipeline	cylinder
pipeline	figure
pipeline	pipe
pipeline	passage
pipeline	way
camera	equipment
camera	electronic equipment
camera	video equipment
camera	photographic equipment
camera	instrument
killer	person
killer	court case
killer	case
killer	criminal
killer	offender
killer	felon
killer	outlaw
killer	miscreant
tempestuousness	turbulence
tempestuousness	state
tempestuousness	disorder
tempestuousness	weather condition
tempestuousness	condition
tempestuousness	weather
tempestuousness	atmospheric phenomenon
tempestuousness	phenomenon
tempestuousness	physical phenomenon
tempestuousness	natural phenomenon
madia	herb
madia	herbaceous plant
madia	plant
prince consort	partner
consort	partner
prince consort	mate
consort	mate
prince consort	married person
consort	person
prince consort	husband
consort	husband
prince consort	prince
consort	prince
prince consort	aristocrat
consort	aristocrat
prince consort	person
prince consort	nobleman
consort	nobleman
prince consort	noble
consort	noble
prince consort	consort
prince consort	spouse
consort	spouse
extropy	forecasting
extropy	prognostication
extropy	prediction
extropy	theory
babysitting	relief
babysitting	service
babysitting	care
babysitting	aid
babysitting	attention
deregulating	release
deregulating	liberation
deregulating	achievement
convertibility	changeableness
jingoism	political ideology
jingoism	ideology
jingoism	nationalism
jingoism	patriotism
dinner	party
dinner	social affair
dinner	affair
dinner	social gathering
dinner	gathering
dinner	meal
modeling	sculpture
modeling	plastic art
modeling	art
modeling	visual art
modeling	figure
modeling	solid figure
modeling	creative work
modeling	work
orison	request
orison	asking
orison	petition
pin money	money
pin money	hard cash
money	cash
pin money	cash
pin money	hard currency
money	currency
nuclear medicine	medical science
medicine	science
nuclear medicine	career
medicine	career
nuclear medicine	specialty
medicine	specialty
nuclear medicine	bioscience
medicine	bioscience
nuclear medicine	medicine
nuclear medicine	life science
nuclear medicine	practice of medicine
medicine	practice
nuclear medicine	technology
medicine	technology
nuclear medicine	specialism
medicine	specialism
nuclear medicine	branch
medicine	branch
workstation	digital computer
workstation	computer
workstation	information processing system
workstation	system
workstation	data processor
workstation	processor
workstation	instrument
workstation	appliance
workstation	home appliance
workstation	electrical appliance
apple pie	concoction
pie	concoction
apple pie	foodstuff
pie	foodstuff
apple pie	pie
apple pie	pastry
pie	pastry
apple pie	dish
pie	dish
apple pie	bakery product
pie	product
matchlock	musket
matchlock	muzzle loader
matchlock	loader
matchlock	instrument
matchlock	gun
matchlock	long gun
matchlock	semiautomatic firearm
matchlock	firearm
matchlock	weapon
matchlock	fire arm
matchlock	arm
reading teacher	teacher
reading teacher	instructor
teacher	instructor
reading teacher	educator
teacher	educator
reading teacher	person
teacher	person
reading teacher	worker
teacher	worker
shawl	cloak
shawl	overgarment
shawl	jacket
shawl	clothing
horsepower	power unit
horsepower	unit
horsepower	unit of power
horsepower	definite quantity
horsepower	quantity
wetsuit	clothing
wetsuit	overgarment
tv	receiver
tv	receiving system
tv	system
tv	electronic equipment
tv	equipment
tv	broadcasting
tv	appliance
tv	electrical appliance
tv	home appliance
tv	mass medium
tv	medium
tv	instrument
tv	telecommunication
tv	communication device
tv	device
debt	obligation
debt	liability
debt	written agreement
debt	agreement
debt	financial obligation
debt	possession
dean	administrator
dean	title
dean	academic
dean	title of respect
dean	person
dean	chief
dean	decision maker
dean	maker
dean	academic administration
dean	administration
dean	senior
dean	academic administrator
dean	leader
azathioprine	medicament
azathioprine	pharmaceutical drug
azathioprine	drug
azathioprine	medicine
anapsid	reptile
anapsid	animal
spending	payment
spending	transaction
spending	outgo
spending	expense
hedonism	moral philosophy
hedonism	philosophy
delicacy	taste
delicacy	appreciation
putter	equipment
putter	iron
putter	golf club
putter	club
putter	worker
putter	contestant
putter	golfer
putter	person
stability	steadiness
stability	unchangingness
august	calendar month
august	month
august	time period
august	period
august	period of time
colostrum	milk
colostrum	body fluid
colostrum	fluid
colostrum	animal product
colostrum	product
photographer	person
photographer	worker
byroad	transport infrastructure
byroad	infrastructure
byroad	main road
byroad	road
byroad	motorway
byroad	state highway
byroad	highway
byroad	controlled-access highway
byroad	expressway
byroad	way
lava	igneous rock
lava	rock
lava	volcanic rock
lava	stone
sovereign	head of state
sovereign	head
sovereign	officeholder
sovereign	person
downlight	source of illumination
downlight	source
downlight	lamp
downlight	furnishing
downlight	lighting fixture
downlight	fixture
downlight	light fixture
downlight	luminaire
downlight	furniture
downlight	light
amazon	female
amazon	woman
amazon	person
amazon	mythical being
amazon	mythical creature
amazon	creature
amazon	warrior
amazon	combatant
amazon	soldier
die	cube
die	block
die	instrument
hadronyche	arachnid
hadronyche	spider
hadronyche	animal
ancient philosophy	philosophy
ancient philosophy	doctrine
philosophy	doctrine
ancient philosophy	philosophical system
philosophy	system
timidness	fear
timidness	fearfulness
timidness	fright
timidness	state
aflatoxin	toxicant
aflatoxin	mycotoxin
aflatoxin	carcinogen
aflatoxin	poison
aflatoxin	biological weapon
aflatoxin	weapon
soaker	rain
soaker	precipitation
soaker	downfall
soaker	weather condition
soaker	condition
soaker	atmospheric phenomenon
soaker	phenomenon
soaker	natural phenomenon
soaker	person
sapota	plant
sapota	flowering tree
sapota	tree
sapota	perennial
sapota	edible fruit
sapota	fruit
sapota	woody plant
amaretto	liqueur
amaretto	alcoholic beverage
amaretto	beverage
amaretto	alcoholic drink
amaretto	drink
amaretto	fluid
shipping	transaction
shipping	dealing
shipping	move
shipping	conveyance
shipping	mechanical assembly
shipping	assembly
shipping	transport
shipping	movement
attorney	person
attorney	worker
settlement	agreement
settlement	deciding
settlement	decision-making
settlement	closure
liberalism	economic theory
liberalism	theory
write-off	expense
write-off	disbursal
write-off	cost
write-off	outgo
write-off	disbursement
write-off	expenditure
write-off	depreciation
write-off	financial loss
write-off	loss
write-off	possession
write-off	transferred property
write-off	property
shoulder	joint
shoulder	articulation
shoulder	edge
shoulder	limit
shoulder	boundary
shoulder	meat
shoulder	cut
shoulder	organ
shoulder	flesh
shoulder	animal tissue
shoulder	tissue
shoulder	constructed structure
shoulder	structure
shoulder	anatomy
shoulder	body part
shoulder	part
shoulder	cut of meat
shoulder	ball-and-socket joint
shoulder	technical specification
shoulder	specification
prayer	religious writing
prayer	petition
prayer	request
prayer	sacred text
prayer	text
prayer	worship
fess	ordinary
fes	ordinary
fess	charge
fes	charge
fess	heraldry
fes	heraldry
fess	emblem
fes	emblem
fess	decoration
fes	decoration
fess	illustration
fes	illustration
roaring	sound
roaring	sound propagation
roaring	propagation
roaring	shout
roaring	noise
roaring	yell
roaring	acoustic wave
roaring	wave
roaring	sound wave
roaring	utterance
roaring	vocalization
roaring	auditory communication
roaring	communication
inquisitor	judge
inquisitor	jurisconsult
inquisitor	worker
inquisitor	person
websites	works
website	work
film	works
film	work
photography	works
photography	work
literature	works
classical vocal music	music
music	music
poetry	adults
poetry	adult
fiction	genres
fiction	genre
picture books	genres
book	genre
businesses	institutions
business	institution
government	institutions
government	institution
email	connection
drugs	crime
drug	crime
an automobile	an enclosed metal vehicle
automobile	vehicle
school bus	an enclosed metal vehicle
bus	vehicle
ping	events
ping	event
carbon dioxide	Greenhouse gases
dioxide	gas
methane	Greenhouse gases
methane	gas
water vapor	Greenhouse gases
vapor	gas
nitrous oxide	Greenhouse gases
oxide	gas
chlorofluorocarbons	Greenhouse gases
chlorofluorocarbon	gas
trap heat	Greenhouse gases
heat	gas
siblings	relatives
sibling	relative
basketball	sports
basketball	sport
touch football	sports
football	sport
Linda	a list
Linda	list
a director	the appropriate university administrator
director	administrator
vice president	the appropriate university administrator
Mezereon	drugs
Mezereon	drug
Cascara	drugs
Cascara	drug
liver	organs
liver	organ
business	organizations
business	organization
education	organizations
education	organization
healthcare facilities	organizations
facility	organization
industry	organizations
industry	organization
community agencies	organizations
agency	organization
health care	organizations
care	organization
government	organizations
cab drivers	the service industry
driver	industry
rain	foul weather
rain	weather
gold	metals
gold	metal
aluminum	metals
aluminum	metal
the pregnancy	organs
pregnancy	organ
spinal cord	organs
cord	organ
heart	organs
heart	organ
bone marrow	organs
marrow	organ
lungs	organs
lung	organ
proxy	a reference
proxy	reference
audio	telecommunications
audio	telecommunication
credit	agreements
credit	agreement
electric energy supply systems	infrastructure
system	infrastructure
hospitals	institutions
Addis Ababa	a prominent center
Ababa	center
dean	an appropriate administrator
chair	an appropriate administrator
chair	administrator
Hearing	Senses
conferences	events
conference	event
information technology	sectors
technology	sector
Islamic finance	sectors
finance	sector
oil	sectors
oil	sector
gas	sectors
gas	sector
intellectual property	sectors
property	sector
competition policy	sectors
policy	sector
telecommunications	sectors
telecommunication	sector
transportation	sectors
transportation	sector
water	sectors
water	sector
oxygen	elements
oxygen	element
oil	a chemical reaction betweena fuel
oil	fuel
oxygen	a chemical reaction betweena fuel
oxygen	fuel
cards	games
card	game
bingo	games
bingo	game
building	high risk industries
building	industry
construction	high risk industries
construction	industry
road freight services	high risk industries
service	industry
taxis	high risk industries
taxi	industry
cafes	high risk industries
cafe	industry
board rooms	meetings
room	meeting
conferences	meetings
conference	meeting
unit	an asset
unit	asset
irrigation type pumps	equipment
pump	equipment
rice	a grain
rice	grain
wheat	a grain
wheat	grain
business	organisations
business	organisation
Guatemala	a country
Guatemala	country
drug trafficking	crime
trafficking	crime
money laundering	crime
laundering	crime
human trafficking	crime
arms	crime
arm	crime
heat	physics
heat	physic
sound	physics
sound	physic
magnetism	physics
magnetism	physic
electricity	physics
electricity	physic
optics	physics
optic	physic
the cerebellum	the brain
cerebellum	brain
the liver	organs
natural gas	fuels
gas	fuel
gasoline	fuels
gasoline	fuel
wood	fuels
wood	fuel
hair color	parents
color	parent
blood type	characteristics
type	characteristic
eye color	characteristics
risks	characteristics
risk	characteristic
kidneys	organs
kidney	organ
severe jaundice	A serious illness
jaundice	illness
lead poisoning	A serious illness
poisoning	illness
nerves	organs
nerve	organ
intestines	organs
intestine	organ
spleen	organs
spleen	organ
low blood pressure	the illness
pressure	illness
organ failure	the illness
failure	illness
phase transitions	interface processes
transition	process
chemisorption	interface processes
chemisorption	process
etching	interface processes
etching	process
aspects	interface processes
aspect	process
highway	transportation
air analysis	transportation
analysis	transportation
bridges	structures
snow	precipitation
the scientific community	land management organizations
chocolate bars	snacks
bar	snack
ice cream	snacks
cream	snack
fruit candies	snacks
candy	snack
oats	grains
grain components	grains
component	grain
diabetes	diseases
diabetes	disease
cardiovascular disease	diseases
disease	disease
obesity	diseases
obesity	disease
juvenile kelp bass	young fish
bass	fish
companies	institutions
company	institution
Governments	institutions
Governments	institution
universities	institutions
governments	institutions
Ministries	Agencies
eye safe laser	instruments
laser	instrument
healthcare	organizations
healthcare	organization
public sector	organizations
sector	organization
VCR	appliances
VCR	appliance
radio	appliances
radio	appliance
lights	appliances
air conditioning	appliances
conditioning	appliance
magnitude	the filter analysis functions
magnitude	function
phase	the filter analysis functions
phase	function
hard disk drives	the same way
drive	way
law	students
law	student
contemporary visual art	objects
art	object
States	organizations
States	organization
a consortium	organizations
consortium	organization
audio conferencing	media
conferencing	medium
audio training tapes	media
tape	medium
procurement	program administration
procurement	administration
customer service representatives	child support personnel
representative	personnel
attorneys	child support personnel
attorney	personnel
establishment technicians	child support personnel
technician	personnel
a bar association	authorities
association	authority
firm	the parent corporation
firm	corporation
a book	a medium
book	medium
professional journal	a medium
non	a medium
non	medium
chemical engineering	life sciences
engineering	science
electrical engineering	life sciences
mechanical engineering	life sciences
physics	life sciences
physic	science
transportation	life sciences
transportation	science
astronomy	life sciences
astronomy	science
earth science	life sciences
science	science
painting	a work
painting	work
sound recording	a work
sound	work
model	a work
model	work
map	a work
map	work
computer program	a work
program	work
Web site	a work
site	work
cell phones	devices
phone	device
Webcams	devices
Webcams	device
oxygen availability	habitat properties
availability	property
space	habitat properties
space	property
food	government assistance
food	assistance
government offices	agencies
office	agency
fire	agencies
fire	agency
schools	agencies
school	agency
railroads	transportation
railroad	transportation
harbors	transportation
harbor	transportation
mass transit systems	transportation
system	transportation
satellite	National Communications System
satellite	System
wireless	National Communications System
wireless	System
communications continuity	National Communications System
continuity	System
community	institutions
community	institution
placenta	organs
placenta	organ
security	network services
security	service
a figure	a cover illustration
figure	illustration
flood	a catastrophe
flood	catastrophe
tsunami	a catastrophe
tsunami	catastrophe
the lack	a catastrophe
lack	catastrophe
physiotherapy	health sciences
physiotherapy	science
avionics	systems
avionics	system
nuclear power plants	systems
plant	system
colleges	institutions
college	institution
laboratories	institutions
laboratory	institution
units	institutions
unit	institution
music	works
music	work
river	Water transport
river	transport
conservation genetics	an applied science
genetics	science
documents	media
document	medium
photographs	media
photograph	medium
medical care	services
shelter	services
shelter	service
progeria	diseases
Parkinsonism	diseases
Parkinsonism	disease
Werner syndrome	diseases
syndrome	disease
Cockayne syndrome	diseases
Islamic iconography	a regular geometric shape
iconography	shape
gunshot	a sound
gunshot	sound
cytology	all basic life sciences
cytology	science
genetics	all basic life sciences
anatomy	all basic life sciences
anatomy	science
physiology	all basic life sciences
physiology	science
ecology	all basic life sciences
ecology	science
microscopy	all basic life sciences
microscopy	science
microbiology	all basic life sciences
microbiology	science
parasitology	all basic life sciences
parasitology	science
topics	genres
topic	genre
roads	structures
road	structure
Tuscany	the workplace
Tuscany	workplace
Italy	the workplace
Italy	workplace
peanut squares	candy
square	candy
peco	candy
corn	cereal grains
corn	grain
barley	cereal grains
millet	cereal grains
millet	grain
labor economics	economics
economics	economics
opera	music
thermodynamics	physics
thermodynamics	physic
Conservation Authority	a qualified recipient organization
Authority	organization
government agency	a qualified recipient organization
plants	habitat
plant	habitat
insects	habitat
insect	habitat
frogs	habitat
frog	habitat
turtles	habitat
turtle	habitat
birds	habitat
bird	habitat
mammals	habitat
mammal	habitat
a process	organs
process	organ
beer	any alcoholic beverage
beer	beverage
wine coolers	any alcoholic beverage
cooler	beverage
intestine	organs
nurses	Clinic personnel
nurse	personnel
care assistant	Clinic personnel
assistant	personnel
clinical pharmacist practitioners	Clinic personnel
practitioner	personnel
hepatitis B	diseases
B	disease
varicella	diseases
varicella	disease
chocolate	foods
chocolate	food
nuts	foods
nut	food
cola drinks	foods
drink	food
AIDS	disease
hepatitis	disease
transportation	support services
transportation	service
other assistance	support services
assistance	service
the blood vessels	organs
vessel	organ
loans programs	institutional assistance
program	assistance
USB	nonvolatile storage
USB	storage
government	personnel
audio	technologies
audio	technology
Flash	technologies
Flash	technology
DHTML	technologies
DHTML	technology
prosecutors	every government agency
prosecutor	agency
public student laboratories	this infrastructure
laboratory	infrastructure
jail terms	penalties
term	penalty
recruitment	volunteer program administration
recruitment	administration
training	volunteer program administration
training	administration
retention	volunteer program administration
retention	administration
heat	human life
heat	life
mobility	human life
mobility	life
mathematics	engineering sciences
mathematics	science
mechanics	engineering sciences
mechanic	science
thermodynamics	engineering sciences
thermodynamics	science
materials science	engineering sciences
design	engineering sciences
design	science
arthritis	diseases
arthritis	disease
ulcers	diseases
ulcer	disease
chronic digestive problems	diseases
problem	disease
lunch	the last meal
the paramount concerns	cost
concern	cost
service providers	organizations
provider	organization
universities	organizations
university	organization
legend	a sacred plant
legend	plant
author page	the book
limestone	sulfate rocks
limestone	rock
dolomite	sulfate rocks
dolomite	rock
marble	sulfate rocks
marble	rock
interplanetary magnetic field	current space weather conditions
field	condition
performance monitoring	customer support
monitoring	support
a file	a real storage device
file	device
remembrance agents	an augmented associative memory
agent	memory
a punch	a signature drink
punch	drink
Dominique Wilkins	the same way
Wilkins	way
the primary investigator	person
investigator	person
marketing	business activity
marketing	activity
finance	business activity
finance	activity
accounting	business activity
accounting	activity
general management	business activity
management	activity
legs	organs
leg	organ
arms	organs
arm	organ
a rare condition	diseases
condition	disease
the pelvic sidewall	organs
sidewall	organ
vagina	organs
vagina	organ
surgical removal	organs
removal	organ
decompressive surgery	procedures
surgery	procedure
meningitis	infections
meningitis	infection
breast	organs
breast	organ
lung	organs
private equity	assets
equity	asset
life sciences	industries
science	industry
media	industries
medium	industry
communications	industries
communication	industry
software	industries
software	industry
material overhead	costs
athletics	community organizations
athletics	organization
clubs	community organizations
club	organization
an illustration	an image
illustration	image
biochemistry	the life sciences
biochemistry	science
pharmacology	the life sciences
pharmacology	science
medicine	the life sciences
salmon	some fish
salmon	fish
tuna	some fish
tuna	fish
sardines	some fish
sardine	fish
tuna	coldwater fish
herring	coldwater fish
herring	fish
mackerel	coldwater fish
sardines	coldwater fish
grandparents	relatives
grandparent	relative
measles	a disease
measles	disease
precipitation	the weather
Chhagan Bhujbal	another flamboyant leader
Bhujbal	leader
a terrorist attack	a disaster
attack	disaster
browsers	Intranet applications
browser	application
tuna	eat fatty fish
mackerel	eat fatty fish
drawing	visual art
drawing	art
painting	visual art
painting	art
graphic art	visual art
art	art
fabric art	visual art
photography	visual art
photography	art
pottery	visual art
pottery	art
California	a common disorder
California	disorder
corn	grains
barley	grains
wheat	grains
child care	support services
private nursing homes	facilities
home	facility
eligible	facilities
eligible	facility
spelt	grains
spelt	grain
emmer wheat	grains
high protein lentils	grains
lentil	grain
chick	grains
chick	grain
fire department	emergency response agencies
ambulance	emergency response agencies
ambulance	agency
hospital	emergency response agencies
hospital	agency
soil	the state
soil	state
forests	the state
forest	state
fish	the state
fish	state
copper	scrap metal
dolomite	rocks
gypsum	rocks
fiction	adults
fiction	adult
picture books	adults
book	adult
poetry	genres
poetry	genre
blood	organs
blood	organ
skin	organs
skin	organ
computer systems	software
system	software
security devices	software
device	software
data concentration	software
concentration	software
data transmission	software
transmission	software
an associate editor	some other qualified person
the ballet	any other art
ballet	art
evidence	evidence
nervous system	organs
system	organ
chronic pneumonia	lifelong respiratory diseases
pneumonia	disease
bridges	programs
bridge	program
motion picture	the musical theater
picture	theater
television	the musical theater
television	theater
institutions	organisations
institution	organisation
mutual fund	financial institution
brokerage firm	financial institution
firm	institution
credit union	financial institution
union	institution
transmission	vehicle
Internet service	organizations
service	organization
companies	organizations
a dog	an animal
dog	animal
goat	an animal
goat	animal
a cow	an animal
cow	animal
temperature	conditions
temperature	condition
soil type	conditions
type	condition
evaporation	conditions
evaporation	condition
audio	media
audio	medium
networked communication	media
communication	medium
animation	media
animation	medium
performance	media
performance	medium
installation	media
installation	medium
food processing facilities	production systems
facility	system
power plants	production systems
steel mills	production systems
mill	system
automobile assembly lines	production systems
line	system
encephalitis	illnesses
encephalitis	illness
exanthems	illnesses
exanthem	illness
a diskette	a storage device
diskette	device
CD	storage devices
CD	device
tape	storage devices
tape	device
software	Design Solutions application
operating range	the delay
range	delay
IMS	technologies
IMS	technology
virus scanning	services
virus	service
content filtering	services
filtering	service
a full range	services
range	service
congestion	a permanent artifact
congestion	artifact
wireless cable	a simple technology
cable	technology
fax	analog devices
fax	device
key system lines	analog devices
line	device
caller profiles	a central database
profile	database
prepaid cards	a central database
card	database
service	a central database
service	database
pricing information	a central database
information	database
photographs	visual art
photograph	art
dams	the urban infrastructure
dam	infrastructure
levees	the urban infrastructure
levee	infrastructure
aqueducts	the urban infrastructure
aqueduct	infrastructure
storm drains	the urban infrastructure
drain	infrastructure
bridges	the urban infrastructure
bridge	infrastructure
buildings	the urban infrastructure
building	infrastructure
rail transportation routes	the urban infrastructure
communication conduits	the urban infrastructure
conduit	infrastructure
pipelines	the urban infrastructure
pipeline	infrastructure
property boundaries	the urban infrastructure
boundary	infrastructure
flood	a disaster
invoices	documents
invoice	document
purchase orders	documents
order	document
statement	documents
statement	document
hot glue	attachment
glue	attachment
tape	attachment
temperature	weather
road	transport sectors
road	sector
sculpture	arts
wood	arts
wood	art
stone carvings	arts
carving	art
hurricane	a disaster
hurricane	disaster
earthquake	a disaster
tornado	a disaster
tornado	disaster
light beer	drinks
coal	a fuel
nonfiction	genres
nonfiction	genre
drama	genres
drama	genre
history	genres
history	genre
journalism	genres
journalism	genre
fire	disaster
financing	health economics
financing	economics
resource allocation	health economics
allocation	economics
economic evaluation	health economics
evaluation	economics
computer security terminology	a person
terminology	person
a major host loss	a catastrophe
loss	catastrophe
fire	a catastrophe
fire	catastrophe
juice beverages	products
beverage	product
jam	products
jam	product
fruit toppings	products
topping	product
jellies	products
jelly	product
fodder conservation	weed control
conservation	control
film	media
film	medium
video	media
community organisations	Explores institutions
organisation	institution
local government	institutions
wind patterns	weather
pattern	weather
storms	weather
storm	weather
gas	fuels
coal	fuels
earthquake	a natural disaster
tornado	a natural disaster
bicycling	transportation
walking	transportation
automobile	transportation
bicycle	transportation
biology	the life sciences
the brain	organs
magazine	any tangible medium
pamphlet	any tangible medium
pamphlet	medium
a page	any tangible medium
banking corporations	corporations
corporation	corporation
diskettes	medium
diskette	medium
personnel	county infrastructure
personnel	infrastructure
telecommunications	county infrastructure
telecommunication	infrastructure
records management	county infrastructure
management	infrastructure
document reproduction	county infrastructure
reproduction	infrastructure
information systems	county infrastructure
reproduction	county infrastructure
divisions	agencies
division	agency
public safety	function
safety	function
subchapter S	corporations
S	corporation
banks	corporations
bank	corporation
savings	corporations
saving	corporation
loan institutions	corporations
institution	corporation
limited liability companies	corporations
bank accounts	forgotten money
account	money
paychecks	forgotten money
paycheck	money
investment dividends	forgotten money
dividend	money
generation	charges
generation	charge
delivery charges	charges
charge	charge
any service fees	charges
fee	charge
media converters	miscellaneous equipment
converter	equipment
other telephone integration equipment	miscellaneous equipment
equipment	equipment
accounting	peripheral service industries
accounting	industry
computer support	peripheral service industries
support	industry
educational assistance	services
health	services
health	service
universities	all state institutions
otitis media	acute illness
medium	illness
pharyngitis	acute illness
pharyngitis	illness
TLC	a quick method
TLC	method
architects	professionals
architect	professional
planners	professionals
planner	professional
hydrologists	professionals
hydrologist	professional
others	professionals
others	professional
email	Internet service
email	service
telnet	Internet service
telnet	service
ftp	Internet service
ftp	service
World Wide Web	Internet services
Web	service
telnet	Internet services
ftp	Internet services
teaching	a great way
teaching	way
audio	communications technology
minerals	the environment
mineral	environment
pressure	conditions
pressure	condition
loans	investment assets
loan	asset
biomass	converts fuel
biomass	fuel
fuel oil	converts fuel
coal	converts fuel
automotive industry	industry
industry	industry
pipe	industry
profile industry	industry
household appliances	industry
appliance	industry
office equipment	industry
equipment	industry
a word	a crime
word	crime
churches	institutions
church	institution
this patent	a single device
patent	device
carpooling	transportation
biotechnology	the life sciences
dentistry	the life sciences
dentistry	science
pharmacy	the life sciences
pharmacy	science
optometry	the life sciences
optometry	science
public health	the life sciences
health	science
marine biology	the life sciences
ecology	the life sciences
Clint Eastwood	an icon
Eastwood	icon
Callahan	an icon
Callahan	icon
this false color rendition	the fluorescent emission
rendition	emission
water filtration system	infrastructure
first skyscraper	infrastructure
skyscraper	infrastructure
pneumonia	severe illness
pneumonia	illness
septicemia	severe illness
septicemia	illness
nursing home	a healthcare facility
mental health institution	a healthcare facility
institution	facility
neighborhood health clinic	a healthcare facility
clinic	facility
forests	life
forest	life
grasslands	life
grassland	life
people	life
a bus	means
bus	mean
car	means
car	mean
animal	animal
complaints	documents
complaint	document
summons	documents
summons	document
warrants	documents
warrant	document
humor	an important way
humor	way
mortgages	assets
mortgage	asset
trade	assets
trade	asset
mental disorder	drugs
disorder	drug
transportation assistance	services
transportation	services
a demotion	the hiring agreement
demotion	agreement
meningitis	pneumococcal disease
betrayal	Psychological impact
betrayal	impact
major runoff	extreme weather conditions
runoff	condition
an annual reference book	publications
book	publication
summons	a legal document
subpoena	a legal document
inventory	data management
inventory	management
the training program	RTI personnel
program	personnel
scholarships	aid
scholarship	aid
quality child care	critical support services
tax credits	critical support services
credit	service
transportation	critical support services
housing assistance	critical support services
child care	services
chaplaincy	services
chaplaincy	service
emergency clothing distribution	services
distribution	service
Capelin	fish
sand lance	fish
lance	fish
cod	fish
spouse	person
print	media
print	medium
advertising	media
advertising	medium
automation	law firm administration
automation	administration
personnel	law firm administration
personnel	administration
labor practices	law firm administration
practice	administration
grievance prevention	law firm administration
prevention	administration
insurance considerations	law firm administration
consideration	administration
marketing techniques	law firm administration
technique	administration
temperatures	weather
job training	services
training	service
delivery	services
delivery	service
top management	All firm personnel
management	personnel
supervisors	All firm personnel
supervisor	personnel
management	assets
management	asset
staff	assets
staff	asset
private relief agencies	organizations
railroad car	a vehicle
car	vehicle
A public transportation vehicle	a vehicle
vehicle	vehicle
bowling	footwear
subways	transport
subway	transport
streetcars	transport
other control documents	accounts
document	account
chain	any obstruction
chain	obstruction
rope	any obstruction
rope	obstruction
tape player	optional equipment
player	equipment
air conditioner	optional equipment
conditioner	equipment
the eye	organs
eye	organ
thyroid	organs
thyroid	organ
ovaries	organs
ovary	organ
skeletal muscle	organs
muscle	organ
eyes	organs
patients	the dominant blood supply
patient	supply
pulmonary tract	organs
tract	organ
prostate	organs
prostate	organ
crackers	foods
cracker	food
aortic stenosis	other valvular heart diseases
stenosis	disease
mitral valve prolapse	other valvular heart diseases
prolapse	disease
mitral stenosis	other valvular heart diseases
a history	other valvular heart diseases
history	disease
Today	a rare disease
Today	disease
Age Human	a disease
Human	disease
nitrous oxide	gases
nitrogen	gases
nitrogen	gas
urticaria	an allergic reaction
urticaria	reaction
angioedema	an allergic reaction
angioedema	reaction
ED	any person
ED	person
photography	media
photography	medium
fashion	media
fashion	medium
cyber	media
cyber	medium
the stomach	organs
drought	weather conditions
drought	condition
winter damage	weather conditions
damage	condition
an earthquake	a disaster
a tornado	a disaster
a hurricane	a disaster
an explosion	a disaster
explosion	disaster
Stars Fulldome	a planetrium technology
Fulldome	technology
government agencies	organizations
Jean	politicians
Jean	politician
ports	sectors
port	sector
power generation	sectors
generation	sector
transmission	sectors
transmission	sector
shipping	sectors
shipping	sector
tube producers	stream industries
producer	industry
maritime	sectors
maritime	sector
energy	sectors
energy	sector
course	a conditional offer
course	offer
Policy	any person
Policy	person
radio programs	mass media
truck	metal vehicle
truck	vehicle
a van	metal vehicle
child	a blood relative
child	relative
brother	a blood relative
brother	relative
sister	a blood relative
a telephone	technology
telephone	technology
shrimp	tasty seafood
shrimp	seafood
plaice	fresh fish
plaice	fish
a chronic condition	a serious bacterial illness
condition	illness
Bugs Bunny	media
Bunny	medium
America Online	media
Online	medium
CNN	media
CNN	medium
disaster	activities
disaster	activity
emergency relief	activities
relief	activity
economic development	activities
development	activity
medical research	activities
research	activity
advancement	activities
advancement	activity
a pension plan	an organization
plan	organization
an insurance company	an organization
a union	an organization
union	organization
fog	significant weather conditions
fog	condition
frost	significant weather conditions
frost	condition
fiction writer Kim Addonizio	writers
Addonizio	writer
corn	grasses
corn	grass
wheat	grasses
wheat	grass
barley	grasses
bare sand	soil
sand	soil
dry gravel	soil
gravel	soil
CRM software	databases
software	database
supply chain information	databases
magazines	media
posters	media
poster	medium
ads	media
ad	medium
packaging	media
packaging	medium
Web	media
Web	medium
Direct loan	financial aid assistance
loan	assistance
programs	financial aid assistance
state aid programs	financial aid assistance
fund development	arts administration
development	administration
marketing	arts administration
marketing	administration
writing	activities
writing	activity
advocacy	activities
advocacy	activity
health	the life sciences
anchovies	fish
anchovy	fish
shrimp	other seafood
etc	other seafood
etc	seafood
fire	some disaster
operations	the organization
operation	organization
pancreas	organs
pancreas	organ
cell biology	the entire life sciences
genetics	the entire life sciences
biochemistry	the entire life sciences
immunology	the entire life sciences
immunology	science
development	the entire life sciences
development	science
neurobiology	the entire life sciences
neurobiology	science
high blood pressure	diseases
pressure	disease
glaucoma	diseases
glaucoma	disease
oral cancer	diseases
pancreatic beta cells	organs
cell	organ
employers	institutions
employer	institution
stress	conditions
stress	condition
anxiety	conditions
anxiety	condition
tension	conditions
tension	condition
insomnia	conditions
insomnia	condition
migraine	conditions
migraine	condition
asthma	conditions
asthma	condition
psoriases	conditions
psoriases	condition
eczema	conditions
eczema	condition
arthritis	conditions
arthritis	condition
iron	a metal
iron	metal
question	a heinous crime
question	crime
dengue fever	diseases
fever	disease
a direct memory access control device	outside circuitry
device	circuitry
mercury	any heavy metal
mercury	metal
lead	any heavy metal
lead	metal
murmur	an abnormal heart sound
murmur	sound
bones	organs
kidney	organs
cornea	organs
cornea	organ
bone graft	treatments
graft	treatment
feet	a body part
foot	part
legs	a body part
leg	part
buttocks	a body part
buttock	part
natural gas	fuel
propane	fuel
kerosene	fuel
BitNet	any computer network
BitNet	network
MCIMail	any computer network
MCIMail	network
Dialcom	any computer network
Dialcom	network
tutorials	courses
tutorial	course
internships	courses
internship	course
theses	courses
thesis	course
dissertations	courses
dissertation	course
OSA	disorders
OSA	disorder
the thalamus	the deep gray nuclei
thalamus	nucleus
other streptococci	bacteria
streptococci	bacteria
endocarditis	inflammatory disease
subacute bacterial endocarditis	diseases
HIV infection	a serious diagnosis
infection	diagnosis
road improvements	local infrastructure
improvement	infrastructure
schools	local infrastructure
school	infrastructure
health posts	local infrastructure
post	infrastructure
community houses	local infrastructure
house	infrastructure
defaults	a major financial institution
default	institution
interest	investment earnings
interest	earnings
capital gains	investment earnings
gain	earnings
epilepsy	illnesses
epilepsy	illness
cardiac arrhythmias	illnesses
arrhythmia	illness
hypertension	illnesses
hypertension	illness
cancer	illnesses
endocrine	illnesses
endocrine	illness
addition	a scarce resource
addition	resource
heart etc	organs
etc	organ
electrical transmission lines	infrastructure
line	infrastructure
vessels	organs
teaching	financial assistance
teaching	assistance
research assistantships	financial assistance
assistantships	assistance
fellowships	financial assistance
fellowship	assistance
Kelly	a member
Kelly	member
light housekeeping	service
light	service
meal preparation	service
preparation	service
administrators	educators
administrator	educator
guidance personnel	educators
personnel	educator
school psychologists	educators
psychologist	educator
genetics	the life sciences
immunology	the life sciences
crystal diffraction	physics
diffraction	physic
electromagnetism	physics
electromagnetism	physic
relativity	physics
relativity	physic
environmental consulting	government service
consulting	service
flag football	sports
outdoor	sports
outdoor	sport
indoor soccer	sports
soccer	sport
racquetball	sports
racquetball	sport
softball	sports
event manager	necessary event personnel
manager	personnel
facility manager	necessary event personnel
media resources	necessary event personnel
resource	personnel
computer software	inexpensive technology
software	technology
universities	statistical community
university	community
securities	assets
security	asset
real estate	assets
estate	asset
logging	activities
logging	activity
engineering services	activities
service	activity
construction	activities
construction	activity
film distribution	activities
distribution	activity
entertainment	activities
entertainment	activity
advertising	activities
advertising	activity
cartage	activities
cartage	activity
management	Reserve Bank actions
management	action
wheat	cereal grains
radio communications	generic electronic equipment
communication	equipment
power distribution equipment	generic electronic equipment
telephone switching boards	generic electronic equipment
board	equipment
equipment	generic electronic equipment
facility design	activities
design	activity
radiation safety	activities
safety	activity
control	activities
control	activity
pharmacists	key health care personnel
pharmacist	personnel
childcare	critical community services
childcare	service
trucking	services
trucking	service
air courier	services
courier	service
the otherwise exempt access	tax the entire charge
access	charge
consumers	organizations
consumer	organization
trade associations	organizations
association	organization
businesses	organizations
advocacy organizations	organizations
organization	organization
counseling	services
counseling	service
child care services	services
service	service
case management	services
management	service
employment counseling	services
other assistance	services
rape	mental abuse
rape	abuse
sexual exploitation	mental abuse
exploitation	abuse
beatings	mental abuse
beating	abuse
starvation	mental abuse
starvation	abuse
death threats	mental abuse
threat	abuse
threats	mental abuse
transportation	special support services
child care	concrete services
housing	services
housing	service
income	services
income	service
eyeglasses	services
eyeglass	service
prescription drugs	services
drug	service
bone	organs
slavery	states
slavery	state
letters	technical communication
letter	communication
proposals	technical communication
proposal	communication
progress reports	technical communication
report	communication
recommendation reports	technical communication
research reports	technical communication
hospitals	services
hospital	service
preventive medicine	services
medicine	service
legal advocacy	local support services
advocacy	service
assistance programs	local support services
program	service
social service programs	local support services
community	psychology
health	psychology
special journal issues	appropriate print media
issue	medium
a chfn command	programs
command	program
terrorism	transnational crime
investment	services
investment	service
banking	services
banking	service
finance	services
finance	service
education	services
education	service
information technology	services
technology	service
energy	infrastructure
transport	infrastructure
canals	urban infrastructure
canal	infrastructure
water	urban infrastructure
water	infrastructure
sanitation facilities	urban infrastructure
facility	infrastructure
marketing	management
production	management
nitrous oxide	other greenhouse gases
research	climate enterprise
research	enterprise
telephones	information systems
telephone	system
Internet access	information systems
access	system
facsimile	information systems
facsimile	system
copy machines	information systems
machine	system
fire	some major disaster
the troposphere	a greenhouse gas
troposphere	gas
local police	local disaster relief organizations
police	organization
fire	local disaster relief organizations
fire	organization
personal digital assistants	devices
assistant	device
a host	devices
host	device
narcotics	crime
narcotic	crime
arms smuggling	crime
extortion	crime
newspapers	mass media
newspaper	medium
television	mass media
television	medium
emphysema	illnesses
emphysema	illness
a nationwide disease threat	a natural disaster
threat	disaster
transit systems	member organizations
system	organization
product	member organizations
product	organization
planning	member organizations
planning	organization
design	member organizations
design	organization
construction	member organizations
construction	organization
financing firms	member organizations
ferry	transportation
shuttles	transportation services
shuttle	service
vanpools	transportation services
vanpools	service
new bus routes	transportation services
route	service
Amtrak Rail Service	transportation services
Service	service
local bus service	transportation services
pick	vehicle
Internet services	sectors
service	sector
ICT consulting	sectors
consulting	sector
services	sectors
hardware	sectors
hardware	sector
microelectronics	sectors
microelectronics	sector
software	sectors
software	sector
electronic content	sectors
content	sector
sorrow	the sacred emblem
sorrow	emblem
Defense	agencies
Defense	agency
meal planning	services
planning	service
light housekeeping	services
medication reminders	services
reminder	service
bill	services
bill	service
preparation	services
flounder	seafood
king mackerel	seafood
PABX equipment	Alcatel equipment
wireless access	Alcatel equipment
access	equipment
email	network service
news	network service
news	service
FTP	network service
FTP	service
underpass	structure
utilities	commodity software
utility	software
customer service	all management service
recording	media
recording	medium
radio	media
television airplay	media
airplay	medium
spider monkey	an ordinary animal
monkey	animal
baboon	an ordinary animal
baboon	animal
Romance	genres
Romance	genre
Detective Fiction	genres
Fiction	genre
post	disorders
post	disorder
parasomnias	disorders
parasomnias	disorder
sleep apnea	sleep disorder
apnea	disorder
waste	water pollution control
waste	control
pollution prevention	water pollution control
prevention	control
environmental impact assessment	water pollution control
assessment	control
response	water pollution control
response	control
the liver	a vital organ
aluminum	elements
aluminum	element
titanium	elements
titanium	element
feature articlesin Time	media
Time	medium
Inc	media
Inc	medium
multiplexer	network hardware
multiplexer	hardware
cross	network hardware
cross	hardware
voice	multiple network services
voice	service
data	multiple network services
data	service
video	multiple network services
video	service
docklands	an utterly modern city
docklands	city
manual camera	equipment
the airplane	transport
airplane	transport
highways	transportation
maritime	transportation
pipeline	transportation
pipelines	transportation
rapid transit systems	surface transportation
disabled access	surface transportation
access	transportation
transit systems	transportation
biking	transportation
tour	transportation services
tour	service
travel agencies	transportation services
agency	service
truck	modes
truck	mode
pipeline	modes
pipeline	mode
coronary	procedures
coronary	procedure
public access	activities
access	activity
grants	activities
grant	activity
training	activities
training	activity
public service	activities
technical assistance	activities
assistance	activity
air	modes
air	mode
passenger rail service	modes
service	mode
seaports	transportation system
seaport	system
airports	transportation system
airport	system
railroad terminals	transportation system
terminal	system
mass transit stations	transportation system
station	system
foot	diseases
foot	disease
independent contractor	a person
Internet	technology
print materials	technology
material	technology
atherosclerosis	diseases
atherosclerosis	disease
trout	fish
chromium	metals
chromium	metal
examiners	persons
examiner	person
educators	persons
educator	person
insurance executives	persons
executive	person
video communications	electronic technology
communication	technology
laser	technology
EDM	technology
optical measurement systems	technology
system	technology
low income	housing
income	housing
affordable housing	housing
housing	housing
medical care	treatment services
personal care	treatment services
recreation	treatment services
recreation	service
biology	sciences
physics	sciences
faculty	University personnel
faculty	personnel
department chairs	University personnel
chair	personnel
brief	the point
brief	point
transformation	some useful technical function
transformation	function
printing	some useful technical function
printing	function
logging	some useful technical function
logging	function
housing	agencies
housing	agency
bush charter	expensive transportation
charter	transportation
ferry	expensive transportation
equipment repair	fund activities
repair	activity
bus	transportation
data communication	services
communication	service
design engineering	services
engineering	service
maintenance	services
maintenance	service
a small business set	services
set	service
quick print shops	business services
shop	service
project management	the organization
management	organization
manufacturing	the organization
manufacturing	organization
materials management	the organization
logistics	the organization
logistics	organization
distribution	the organization
distribution	organization
control	the organization
control	organization
purchasing	the organization
purchasing	organization
operations analysis	the organization
analysis	organization
Microsoft Office Saving	applications
Office	application
search capabilities	applications
capability	application
repair	data processing
repair	processing
government	sectors
government	sector
civic	sectors
civic	sector
faith	sectors
faith	sector
education	sectors
education	sector
community groups	sectors
group	sector
wood	materials
wood	material
shell	materials
shell	material
stone	materials
stone	material
ceramics	materials
ceramic	material
land	environmental protection activities
land	activity
soil	environmental protection activities
soil	activity
coastal environment protection	environmental protection activities
protection	activity
river control	environmental protection activities
land drainage	environmental protection activities
drainage	activity
international trade	economics
trade	economics
consumer theory	economics
theory	economics
production theory	economics
financial analysis	economics
analysis	economics
growth theory	economics
the history	economics
history	economics
gasoline	material
propane	material
charcoal	material
marketing	services
marketing	service
accounting	services
accounting	service
personnel assistance	services
voice recognition	new technology
recognition	technology
Web casting	new technology
casting	technology
assistive listening devices	new technology
device	technology
video relay services	new technology
service	technology
agriculture	the life sciences
agriculture	science
microbiology	the life sciences
neuroscience	the life sciences
neuroscience	science
toxicology	the life sciences
toxicology	science
Halifax Paper Company	companies
Company	company
microtechnology	application
interphases	application
medicine	application
biotechnology	application
surface treatment	application
treatment	application
state agencies	institutions
agency	institution
espionage	crimes
espionage	crime
terrorism	crimes
child pornography	crimes
pornography	crime
Internet fraud	crimes
fraud	crime
e	crimes
e	crime
sixteen	the age
sixteen	age
musculature	organs
musculature	organ
EMS	a municipal organization
EMS	organization
department	a municipal organization
department	organization
van	a passenger vehicle
ambulatory medical care	comprehensive health care services
commuter rail	public transportation
rapid transit	public transportation
a house	an asset
house	asset
terrorist financing	crime
financing	crime
a year	time
year	time
cemeteries	structures
cemetery	structure
libraries	structures
God	a spiritual union
God	union
movie	events
movie	event
talent show evenings	events
evening	event
duties	charges
duty	charge
insurance	charges
insurance	charge
sewage	wastewater treatment facilities
sewage	facility
agricultural effluent treatment facilities	wastewater treatment facilities
facility	facility
household wastewater treatment facilities	wastewater treatment facilities
refrigerators	electrical equipment
refrigerator	equipment
TV sets	electrical equipment
set	equipment
video players	electrical equipment
CD players	electrical equipment
a birth certificate	person
certificate	person
a family record	person
record	person
renunciation	person
conservatism	political theory
conservatism	theory
radical political thought	political theory
thought	theory
the American political character	political theory
character	theory
others	political theory
others	theory
ozone	Greenhouse gases
FaceIt	feature
dean	the appropriate university administrator
restaurant	the service industry
air	transportation
the metal	a heavy metal
metal	metal
silver	metals
nickel	a metal
nickel	metal
gold	a metal
platinum	a metal
platinum	metal
titanium	a metal
titanium	metal
metal	materials
metal	material
plastic	materials
plastic	material
petroleum products	materials
product	material
community development	services
development	service
A flow	the continuous movement
video	telecommunications
grant	agreements
leadership	activities
leadership	activity
network	services
network	service
social work	services
work	service
nursing	services
nursing	service
family therapy	services
therapy	service
group therapy	services
coal	a chemical reaction betweena fuel
restaurant	high risk industries
seminars	meetings
barley	a grain
the internet	mass media
internet	medium
telegrams	mass media
telegram	medium
magazines	mass media
government	organisations
desktop	IT services
desktop	service
international terrorism	crime
fishing	sectors
fishing	sector
others	sectors
others	sector
experimental development	activities
BLS ambulance	services
ambulance	service
medical history review	inpatient care activities
review	activity
physical examination	inpatient care activities
examination	activity
diagnostic testing	inpatient care activities
testing	activity
fuel oil	fuels
blood type	parents
type	parent
eye color	parents
hair color	characteristics
tendons	connective tissue
tendon	tissue
sclera	connective tissue
sclera	tissue
diabetes	new disease
cancer	new disease
osteoporosis	new disease
osteoporosis	disease
a ringing	a sound
ringing	sound
cablecars	transportation
a ropeway	transportation
ropeway	transportation
environmental action	community service
action	service
public service	community service
epitaxial growth	interface processes
psychiatry	services
psychiatry	service
dental care	services
sports medicine	services
physical therapy	services
allergy services	services
nutritional counseling	services
travel medicine	services
health promotion	services
promotion	service
potato chips	snacks
cancer	diseases
rockfish	young fish
computers	communications technology equipment
computer	equipment
telephones	communications technology equipment
telephone	equipment
power conversion	naval technology
conversion	technology
navigation	naval technology
navigation	technology
prescription benefits	Organizations
benefit	Organizations
management specialists	Organizations
specialist	Organizations
drug stores	Organizations
store	Organizations
pharmacies	Organizations
pharmacy	Organizations
impulse response	the filter analysis functions
Alzheimer	complex disease
Alzheimer	disease
sculpture	objects
work experience	Other unpaid work activities
experience	activity
community service programs	Other unpaid work activities
program	activity
economic advancement	resident services
advancement	service
youth services	resident services
health services	resident services
judges	Juvenile Court personnel
judge	personnel
crisis nurseries	services
nursery	service
enforcement staff	child support personnel
Carlson Companies	the parent corporation
Companies	corporation
magnetic disk	devices
magazine	a medium
biology	life sciences
hotel accommodations	international travel services
accommodation	service
education classes	services
class	service
child care services	government assistance
police departments	agencies
buses	modes
bus	mode
the life sciences	health sciences
taxation	accountancy services
taxation	service
insolvency	accountancy services
insolvency	service
management	accountancy services
corporate finance services	accountancy services
management consultancy	accountancy services
consultancy	service
process control environments	systems
dean	an administrative title
chair	an administrative title
chair	title
Letter	a purified protein
Letter	protein
sea shipping	Water transport
contracting	activities
contracting	activity
personnel	activities
personnel	activity
security	activities
security	activity
administration	activities
administration	activity
law	activities
law	activity
a USB drive	removable storage
drive	storage
support groups	services
group	service
safety planning	services
advocacy services	services
research	services
research	service
technical assistance	services
videos	media
recommendation	activities
recommendation	activity
autoimmunity	diseases
autoimmunity	disease
benefits	services
benefit	service
payroll administration	services
administration	service
liability management	services
employee recruiting	services
recruiting	service
selection	services
selection	service
performance management	services
training	services
development services	services
the star	a regular geometric shape
personnel records management	services
heat sinks	computer industry
sink	industry
Peltier coolers	computer industry
cooler	industry
thermal interface materials	computer industry
material	industry
baseball	all sport
baseball	sport
swimming	all sport
swimming	sport
football	all sport
soccer	all sport
management consultancy	services
architecture	services
architecture	service
civil engineering	services
19th century	historical fine arts
century	art
prints	historical fine arts
print	art
sculpture	mediums
sculpture	medium
painting	mediums
painting	medium
jewelry making	mediums
making	medium
philosophy	mediums
philosophy	medium
quality	services
quality	service
wine	any alcoholic beverage
potato chips	foods
the intensity	services
intensity	service
duration	services
duration	service
Philanthropy Matters magazine	Center communications
magazine	communication
Hannah	another woman
Hannah	woman
Lady Russell	a woman
Russell	woman
appraisal	services
appraisal	service
valuation	services
valuation	service
inventory	services
inventory	service
audit	services
audit	service
shipping	services
shipping	service
logistics	services
logistics	service
settlement	services
settlement	service
pleadings	documents
pleading	document
video	technologies
data	Internet Protocol communications services
Internet access	Internet Protocol communications services
access	service
DSL	Internet services
DSL	service
wireless	Internet services
wireless	service
cases	the only feature
case	feature
immigration assistance	services
services	services
information technology	technology
technology	technology
intellectual property	technology
property	technology
copyright	technology
cyberlaw	technology
Internet law	technology
law	technology
privacy	technology
risk management	volunteer program administration
verification	any required supporting documents
verification	document
stroke	illnesses
stroke	illness
a heart attack	illnesses
attack	illness
Parkinson	illnesses
Parkinson	illness
chemistry	sciences
chemistry	science
microbiology	sciences
mathematics	sciences
engineering	sciences
business modelling	accelerator services
business	service
capital structuring	accelerator services
structuring	service
fund raising	accelerator services
raising	service
light	human life
physics	engineering sciences
the shamrock	a sacred plant
a tornado warning	a natural disaster
warning	disaster
ash	particulate matter
ash	matter
smoke	particulate matter
smoke	matter
law enforcement officials	organizations
official	organization
gypsum	sulfate rocks
precious metal	materials
acrylics	materials
acrylic	material
gypsum	materials
gypsum	material
animals	systems
animal	system
contour	surface
acceptance testing	customer support
favorite cocktail	a signature drink
Worldspace radio	communication technologies
radio	technology
study coordinator	person
operations	business activity
recorder	any electronic equipment
recorder	equipment
bladder	organs
Internet services	industries
yearbook	media
yearbook	medium
magazine	media
anthology	media
anthology	medium
mackerel	some fish
the positive side	a pleasurable drink
side	drink
checks	payment
check	payment
squash	vegetables
squash	vegetable
apricots	vegetables
apricot	vegetable
veal	meat
clothing	services
clothing	service
enrollment assistance	services
community hospitals	facilities
radar	analysis equipment
radar	equipment
telemetry	analysis equipment
telemetry	equipment
optics	analysis equipment
optic	equipment
Web service	utility services
offices	facilities
office	facility
dormitories	facilities
dormitory	facility
bibs	clothing
bib	clothing
a pair	clothing
pair	clothing
millet	grains
water	the state
interfaces	software
sculpture	any other art
physicians	personnel
physician	personnel
technicians	personnel
office staff members	personnel
member	personnel
leukemia	diseases
leukemia	disease
cataracts	diseases
cataract	disease
periodontitis	diseases
periodontitis	disease
cancers	diseases
telephone company representatives	personnel
libraries	programs
computer networking	telecommunications technology
networking	technology
satellites	telecommunications technology
satellite	technology
video links	telecommunications technology
link	technology
sapphire	a colored stone
diamond	a colored stone
diamond	stone
corporations	organisations
a mortgage	credit
mortgage	credit
a car loan	credit
loan	credit
a rental application	credit
application	credit
a credit card	credit
roadside	services
roadside	service
hands	services
hand	service
the avian influenza	extreme infectious disease outbreaks
influenza	outbreak
years	a closed month
year	month
organs	soft tissue
organ	tissue
muscle	soft tissue
muscle	tissue
cartilage	soft tissue
cartilage	tissue
ligaments	soft tissue
ligament	tissue
providers	organizations
vice president	titles
cash	assets
cash	asset
stock	assets
stock	asset
human resource management principles	organizations
principle	organization
law enforcement	organizations
enforcement	organization
utility companies	organizations
the news media	organizations
medium	organization
a compact disk	a storage device
insurance carriers	the service
carrier	service
guarantors	the service
guarantor	service
temperature	local flow variables
temperature	variable
static pressure	local flow variables
pressure	variable
vorticity	local flow variables
vorticity	variable
place flour	a large flat surface
flour	surface
pecans	a large flat surface
pecan	surface
sugar	a large flat surface
sugar	surface
lag	the delay
videotapes	media
videotape	medium
audiotapes	media
audiotape	medium
email	media
email	medium
telephone	media
telephone	medium
fax	media
fax	medium
computer software	media
software	medium
computer graphics	media
graphic	medium
slides	media
slide	medium
overheads	media
overhead	medium
VoIP	Internet services
VoIP	service
conferencing	Internet services
conferencing	service
video calls	Internet services
call	service
presence management	Internet services
instant messaging	Internet services
messaging	service
collaboration	Internet services
collaboration	service
subscription management	media service
content delivery	media service
IPTV	services
IPTV	service
VoIP	services
broadband	services
broadband	service
multi	services
multi	service
wireless	a service
high	other broadband services
high	service
gateway distribution	a central database
heavy machinery road	the urban infrastructure
text retrieval	Electronic document management technologies
retrieval	technology
electronic imaging	Electronic document management technologies
imaging	technology
workflow	Electronic document management technologies
workflow	technology
groupware	Electronic document management technologies
groupware	technology
forms processing	Electronic document management technologies
form	technology
reports	documents
the third playable character	a person
Kian	a person
Kian	person
air transportation	transport sectors
the inflation data	economic news
data	news
fuel cells	technologies
cell	technology
police protection	government services
protection	service
trash collection	government services
collection	service
public health	government services
road	any public thoroughfare
road	thoroughfare
alley	any public thoroughfare
alley	thoroughfare
way	any public thoroughfare
way	thoroughfare
Raymond	person
econometrics	health economics
a threat	a person
pies	products
cataloging	bibliographical control
cataloging	control
indexing	bibliographical control
indexing	control
hospital management	health care institution management
management	management
hospital administration	health care institution management
administration	management
marketing	health care institution management
grazing management	weed control
nutrition assessments	services
assessment	service
nutrition education	services
food service administration	services
local government	Explores institutions
tornadoes	conditions
tornado	condition
winter storms	conditions
storm	condition
floods	conditions
flood	condition
smog	conditions
smog	condition
personal credit card	payment
card	payment
tapes	medium
rail access	Available infrastructure
access	infrastructure
utilities	Available infrastructure
utility	infrastructure
a fuel supply	Available infrastructure
supply	infrastructure
billing	services
billing	service
financial reporting	services
reporting	service
patient scheduling	services
scheduling	service
purchasing	services
purchasing	service
inventory management	services
staffing	services
staffing	service
management	services
payroll processing	services
processing	service
record	services
record	service
investment real estate	assets
cash	traditional payment methods
cash	method
credit cards	traditional payment methods
card	method
delivery	charges
delivery	charge
utility deposits	forgotten money
telecommunications switches	miscellaneous equipment
data services	peripheral service industries
business	real life applications
business	application
finance	real life applications
finance	application
insurance	real life applications
insurance	application
management	real life applications
management	application
production	real life applications
production	application
reliability	real life applications
reliability	application
biology	real life applications
biology	application
Internet access	services
smallpox	animal disease
smallpox	disease
influenza	animal disease
road	transportation
World Wide Web	Internet service
training institutions	organizations
institution	organization
local business service organizations	organizations
wind fields	conditions
project planning	real estate services
process management	real estate services
financing	real estate services
financing	service
vascular disease	diseases
warehousing	application sectors
warehousing	sector
logistics	application sectors
logistics	sector
proof	application sectors
proof	sector
infrastructure	other basic service sectors
infrastructure	sector
property development	other basic service sectors
development	sector
health care delivery	other basic service sectors
delivery	sector
investment advisory services	trust services
pension	trust services
pension	service
profit sharing administration	trust services
personal financial planning	trust services
tax preparation	trust services
car rental	transportation services
rental	service
bus operation	transportation services
operation	service
sale	transportation services
sale	service
investment	investment assets
reception	accommodation management services
reception	service
housekeeping	accommodation management services
housekeeping	service
laundry	accommodation management services
laundry	service
credit card sales	services
card cashing	services
card	service
ATM services	services
investments trust	services
trust	service
debit card	services
terrorism	a crime
crisis response	services
response	service
alternative justice services	services
crisis intervention	services
intervention	service
the computer	a single device
networked storage	high value services
storage	service
content delivery	high value services
broadband	high value services
television	media
green light	the fluorescent emission
Internet	technologies
a diamond	jewelry
diamond	jewelry
van	means
preventative maintenance	facility management
maintenance	management
education	intellectual management
education	management
research	intellectual management
research	management
providers	telecommunications services
provider	service
high	Services
voice synthesizers	adaptive technology
synthesizer	technology
home equity loans	additional debt
loan	debt
duties	personnel
duty	personnel
integrated payment	services
payment	service
reservation services	services
freight	services
freight	service
fleet management	services
population screening	activities
population	activity
immunisation	activities
immunisation	activity
surveillance	activities
surveillance	activity
wood	a popular alternative
wood	alternative
ammonia	gases
ammonia	gas
clock radio	used appliance
research	activities
legal aid	activities
aid	activity
accounting	data management
project staff	RTI personnel
flood	a natural disaster
buildings	a natural disaster
building	disaster
accounting	support services
research	support services
communications	support services
organizational structure	administration
structure	administration
personnel services	administration
service	administration
policy development	administration
linker	software
compliance staff	All firm personnel
efficiency	activities
efficiency	activity
management surveys	activities
survey	activity
routine data collection	activities
collection	activity
routine	activities
routine	activity
ordinary testing	activities
inspection	activities
inspection	activity
the statute	offense
statute	offense
gastrointestinal tract	organs
anaphylactic shock	an allergic reaction
all faculty	persons
faculty	person
students	personnel
student	personnel
such staff	resources
staff	resource
sign language books	services
book	service
classes	services
developmental toys	services
toy	service
Braille	services
Braille	service
entertainment	access services
entertainment	service
wind	weather conditions
TV	any appropriate mass media
TV	medium
local telephone companies	communications technologies
company	technology
long distance telephone companies	communications technologies
providers	communications technologies
provider	technology
wireless networks	communications technologies
network	technology
sculpture	media
architecture	media
architecture	medium
textiles	media
textile	medium
maintenance	activities
maintenance	activity
a train crash	a major disaster
crash	disaster
security mechanisms	session management services
mechanism	service
user	system administration
user	administration
network configuration	system administration
configuration	administration
radio transmitters	telecommunications terminal equipment
transmitter	equipment
engineering	services
construction management	services
brokerage services	services
information technology equipment	telecommunications terminal equipment
this proposal	a conditional offer
intellectual property	services
property	service
telecommunications	services
telecommunication	service
housing	activities
housing	activity
health insurance	activities
insurance	activity
benefits	activities
benefit	activity
athletics	activities
athletics	activity
curricular material	activities
material	activity
employment assistance	activities
employment	activities
employment	activity
janitorial	OMP services
janitorial	service
utility	OMP services
utility	service
a digital camcorder	equipment
camcorder	equipment
myoma	illness
midwives	personnel
midwife	personnel
shipping	charges
shipping	charge
handling	charges
handling	charge
taxes	charges
mackerel	fresh fish
individual therapy	interventions
family therapy	interventions
prevention	services
prevention	service
early intervention	services
family support	services
support	service
transition services	services
LLC	a backup service
LLC	service
Another option	a backup service
option	service
Internet advocacy	sectors
advocacy	sector
domain registries	sectors
registry	sector
IP	sectors
IP	sector
CompuServe	services
CompuServe	service
Prodigy	services
Prodigy	service
America Online	services
Online	service
computers	software
computer	software
community	activities
pants	windproof clothing
pant	clothing
terms	the management
term	management
waterproof suit	protective clothing
suit	clothing
coveralls	protective clothing
coverall	clothing
gloves	protective clothing
glove	clothing
oats	grasses
cap	protective clothing
raw clay subsoil	soil
paper towels	absorbent paper
towel	paper
photojournalism	mass communication
photojournalism	communication
fashion	mass communication
fashion	communication
advertising	mass communication
advertising	communication
financial management	arts administration
scientists	Facility personnel
scientist	personnel
maintenance	Facility personnel
maintenance	personnel
greenhouse staff	Facility personnel
glasses	protective clothing
glass	clothing
boots	protective clothing
boot	clothing
veal	ground meat
pork	ground meat
pork	meat
lamb	ground meat
lamb	meat
debugging tools	Code Warrior software
tool	software
a CD	storage devices
fires	disasters
earthquakes	disasters
graphic design	services
design	service
landscaping	services
landscaping	service
interest	Income
tick paralysis	diseases
paralysis	disease
Rocky Mountain	diseases
Mountain	disease
Pacific	a technique sport
Pacific	sport
telephone	services
telephone	service
AIDS cope	diseases
cope	disease
influenza	diseases
AIDS	another illness
AIDS	illness
enforcement	services
enforcement	service
traffic operations	services
maintenance operations	services
transit operations	services
radio	electronic mass media
the knee	joints
knee	joint
mumps	the disease
mumps	disease
influenza	the disease
infectious mononucleosis	the disease
mononucleosis	disease
deposits	money
bridges	local infrastructure
behavioral intervention	disorders
intervention	disorder
addiction	disorders
addiction	disorder
neural regeneration	disorders
regeneration	disorder
bone healing	disorders
healing	disorder
space motion sickness	disorders
sickness	disorder
dividends	investment earnings
IRB staff	personnel
investigators	personnel
investigator	personnel
delivery	this online service
vascular disease	illnesses
wood	a scarce resource
radio	traditional communication medium
television	traditional communication medium
grants	financial assistance
home delivery	service
additional support staff	necessary event personnel
hotel operation	activities
procurement	software applications
procurement	application
inventory control	software applications
control	application
product	software applications
product	application
process design	software applications
design	application
quality control	software applications
operation	activities
securities	services
asset management insurance	services
insurance	service
express delivery	services
healthcare	services
healthcare	service
IT	services
IT	service
travel	services
travel	service
tourism	services
tourism	service
chemotherapy	services
chemotherapy	service
air express delivery	services
fees	tax the entire charge
health plans	organizations
directories	technologies
directory	technology
Internet security	technologies
security	technology
network protocols	technologies
protocol	technology
proxy caching	technologies
caching	technology
torture	mental abuse
special education	services
mental health care	services
suicide prevention measures	services
measure	service
nutritional assistance	services
inpatient hospital care	services
immunizations	services
immunization	service
instructions	technical communication
corporate debt	assets
debt	asset
quality control	business management
control	management
finance	business management
finance	management
post hospitalization care	services
a piano	a traditional musical instrument
piano	instrument
concurrency control	services
control	service
security	services
security	server administration
security	administration
assessments	activities
assessment	activity
educational counseling	activities
counseling	activity
organizational consulting	activities
consulting	activity
social intervention	activities
intervention	activity
public service interventions	counseling services
outreach programs	counseling services
diabetes	illnesses
diabetes	illness
psychology	psychology
banks	credit
bank	credit
finance companies	credit
company	credit
liquor	alcohol
visa	activities
visa	activity
travel arrangements	activities
arrangement	activity
visa charges	activities
charge	activity
airport taxes	activities
tax	activity
ground transport	activities
transport	activity
travel	activities
travel	activity
accommodation	activities
accommodation	activity
teleprinters	communications equipment
teleprinter	equipment
short range VHF	communications equipment
VHF	equipment
tariffs	charges
tariff	charge
analysis	management
bootlegging	crime
gambling	crime
violent gang rivalry	crime
rivalry	crime
operations	climate enterprise
computers	information systems
rescue organizations	local disaster relief organizations
purchasing	inventory management
purchasing	management
merchandise display	inventory management
display	management
word processing	applications
processing	application
spreadsheets	applications
spreadsheet	application
the use	applications
use	application
optical disk jukeboxes	storage devices
jukebox	device
storage area networks	storage devices
network	device
money transmitters	institutions
transmitter	institution
sanitation	sectors
sanitation	sector
shelter	sectors
shelter	sector
camp management	sectors
management	sector
protection	sectors
protection	sector
cardiovascular disease	illnesses
television programming	The mass media
programming	medium
movies	The mass media
movie	medium
newspapers	The mass media
magazines	The mass media
service providers	member organizations
local commuter	services
commuter	service
charter	services
charter	service
the appropriate procurement	appropriate agency personnel
procurement	personnel
engineering	appropriate agency personnel
engineering	personnel
legal staff members	appropriate agency personnel
connector services	transportation services
the American flag	the sacred emblem
Spanish mackerel	seafood
credit reports	services
report	service
title	services
title	service
hazard	services
hazard	service
food irradiation	technology
irradiation	technology
space	technology
definition	a computer
definition	computer
the phonograph	mass media
phonograph	medium
movies	mass media
computers	mass media
computer	medium
life cycle analysis	environmental management
accounting	environmental management
reporting	environmental management
reporting	management
governance	internal control
governance	control
share drafts	activities
draft	activity
investment	activities
investment	activity
computers	services
computer	service
software	services
software	service
technical support	services
toxic substance management	water pollution control
hotel	facilities
hotel	facility
rail	sectors
rail	sector
sea	sectors
sea	sector
road transport occupational safety	sectors
safety	sector
environmental protection food safety	sectors
public safety sport	sectors
sport	sector
leisure the built environment	sectors
environment	sector
the capital	an utterly modern city
the global positioning satellite system	services
system	service
air traffic control	services
high speed rail	transport
forwarding services	transportation services
rail	modes
coordination	transportation
Shirley Williams	the contact person
Williams	person
credit control	the banking sector
control	sector
share trading	the banking sector
trading	sector
development	activities
budgeting	financial management
budgeting	management
auditing	financial management
auditing	management
foot	infectious foreign animal disease
other transportation facilities	transportation system
budget oversight	management
oversight	management
policy development	management
development	management
parents	persons
nurses	personnel
pharmacists	personnel
emergency medical care	personnel
care	personnel
emergency shelter	housing
staff	University personnel
the mode	the point
veterans groups	organizations
group	organization
a group	organizations
Internet telephony	technologies
telephony	technology
university	An eligible educational institution
operations planning	the organization
business	sectors
copper	materials
air quality management	environmental protection activities
welfare economics	economics
tuberculosis	an infectious disease
tuberculosis	disease
diphtheria	an infectious disease
diphtheria	disease
whooping cough	an infectious disease
cough	disease
measles	an infectious disease
scarlet fever	an infectious disease
priority	desired network services
priority	service
abstraction	the analysis
abstraction	analysis
approximation	the analysis
approximation	analysis
video conferencing	new technology
award recipients	the only educational institution
recipient	institution
persons	any person
person	person
recruitment	all human resource activities
recruitment	activity
salary administration	all human resource activities
classification	all human resource activities
classification	activity
employee relations	all human resource activities
relation	activity
employee benefits	all human resource activities
dance	events
air conditioners	electrical equipment
military release	person